[OUTPUT_FILENAME]
mktril.wmd

[NUMBER_OF_PATCH_TYPES]
1

[PATCH_ID_NAME]
N64_ID

[PATCH_DEFINITIONS]

;THE INSTRUMENTS
pat_kick1 	1   map_kick1
pat_snare1 	1   map_snare1
pat_hat1 	4   map_hat1
pat_ktoms 	1   map_ktoms
pat_tom1 	1   map_tom1
pat_crash1 	2   map_crash1
pat_cymroll 	1   map_cymroll
pat_revcym	1   map_revcym
pat_mkgong	1   map_mkgong
pat_mkrack	1   map_mkrack
pat_bigdrum 	1   map_bigdrum
pat_kbig	1   map_kbig
pat_clik 	1   map_clik
pat_timbale     1   map_timbale
pat_timpani	1   map_timpani
pat_heavy	1   map_heavy
pat_kbass	1   map_kbass
pat_moguebas	1   map_moguebas
pat_ostbass	1   map_ostbass
pat_prowiden	1   map_prowiden
pat_twibass	1   map_twibass
pat_spacep  	1   map_spacep	
pat_khits	1   map_dummy
pat_morch	1   map_morch
pat_prohits	1   map_prohits
pat_ohits	1   map_ohits
pat_organ	1   map_organ
pat_piano	1   map_piano
pat_choir2	1   map_choir2
pat_droogpia	1   map_droogpia
pat_bigvox	1   map_bigvox
pat_proharp	1   map_proharp
pat_shaku	1   map_shaku
pat_trainmel	1   map_trainmel
pat_protrpt	1   map_protrpt
pat_trombtrp	1   map_trombtrp
pat_oww		1   map_oww
pat_yuh		1   map_yuh
pat_fair	1   map_fair
pat_mkbars	1   map_mkbars
pat_wood1 	5   map_wood1
pat_kvox	1   map_kvox

;THE REMAINING INSTRUMENTS

pat_perc1a 	9   map_perc1a

;THE SFX
pat_srock       1   map_srock
pat_swhoosh     1   map_swhoosh
pat_sknoob      1   map_sknoob
pat_bell        1   map_bell
pat_pbcycle     1   map_pbcycle
pat_hairthrw    1   map_hairthrw
pat_scrmtrp2    1   map_scrmtrp2
pat_flying1     1   map_flying1
pat_rhouse      1   map_rhouse
pat_doorslid    1   map_doorslid
pat_newdoor     1   map_newdoor
pat_windloop    1   map_windloop
pat_whoosh1     1   map_whoosh1
pat_whoosh3     1   map_whoosh3
pat_oooh        1   map_oooh
pat_ncurs1      1   map_ncurs1
pat_ncurs2      1   map_ncurs2
pat_picked1     1   map_picked1
pat_picked2     1   map_picked2
pat_timeout1    1   map_timeout1
pat_foot3       1   map_foot3
pat_mrtlwhsh    1   map_mrtlwhsh
pat_dftosty     1   map_dftosty
pat_dfrosty     1   map_dfrosty
pat_dfcrispy    1   map_dfcrispy
pat_kanlasrl    1   map_kanlasrl
pat_mfirebal    1   map_mfirebal
pat_ignite      1   map_ignite
pat_bones       1   map_bones

pat_lkdeath     1   map_lkdeath
pat_lkrun       1   map_lkrun
pat_lktrip      1   map_lktrip
pat_lkface1     1   map_lkface1
pat_lkface2     1   map_lkface2
pat_lkatt1      1   map_lkatt1
pat_lkatt2      1   map_lkatt2
pat_lkjump      1   map_lkjump
pat_lkgrab      1   map_lkgrab
pat_lkthrow     1   map_lkthrow
pat_lkwast1     1   map_lkwast1

pat_lkfball     1   map_lkfball
pat_axhit       1   map_axhit
pat_sonyafly    1   map_sonyafly
pat_lkcycle     1   map_lkcycle
pat_lkflyink    1   map_lkflyink

pat_jhdeath     1   map_jhdeath
pat_robtalk5    1   map_robtalk5
pat_dftrip      1   map_dftrip
pat_robshk2     1   map_robshk2
pat_dfatt1      1   map_dfatt1
pat_dfatt2      1   map_dfatt2
pat_dfjump      1   map_dfjump
pat_robtalk2    1   map_robtalk2
pat_robtalk3    1   map_robtalk3
pat_robtalk4    1   map_robtalk4

pat_netthrow    1   map_netthrow
pat_robball1    1   map_robball1
pat_robball2    1   map_robball2
pat_robxplod    1   map_robxplod
pat_robclik     1   map_robclik
pat_robowarn    1   map_robowarn
pat_robxpld2    1   map_robxpld2
pat_robimpld    1   map_robimpld
pat_robshk1     1   map_robshk1
pat_robshk3     1   map_robshk3
pat_robtalk1    1   map_robtalk1
pat_netblk      1   map_netblk

pat_vpdeath     1   map_vpdeath
pat_vpnotbut    1   map_vpnotbut
pat_vprun       1   map_vprun
pat_vpgrab      1   map_vpgrab
pat_vpface1     1   map_vpface1
pat_vpface2     1   map_vpface2
pat_vpatt1      1   map_vpatt1
pat_vpatt2      1   map_vpatt2
pat_vpjump      1   map_vpjump
pat_vpthrow     1   map_vpthrow
pat_vpwast1     1   map_vpwast1
pat_vpwast2     1   map_vpwast2

pat_fballhit    1   map_fballhit
pat_cabalgun    1   map_cabalgun
pat_hicwhsh     1   map_hicwhsh
pat_locwhsh     1   map_locwhsh

pat_pbdeath     1   map_pbdeath
pat_pbwast2     1   map_pbwast2
pat_pbrun       1   map_pbrun
pat_pbtrip      1   map_pbtrip
pat_pbface1     1   map_pbface1
pat_pbface2     1   map_pbface2
pat_pbatt1      1   map_pbatt1
pat_pbatt2      1   map_pbatt2
pat_pbjump      1   map_pbjump
pat_pbgrab      1   map_pbgrab
pat_pbthrow     1   map_pbthrow
pat_pbwast1     1   map_pbwast1

pat_shevtele    1   map_shevtele
pat_bigbslam    1   map_bigbslam
pat_forcehit    1   map_forcehit
pat_robtele     1   map_robtele

pat_ebshook     1   map_ebshook
pat_jhrun       1   map_jhrun
pat_jhtrip      1   map_jhtrip
pat_jhface2     1   map_jhface2
pat_jhatt1      1   map_jhatt1
pat_jhjump      1   map_jhjump
pat_jhgrab      1   map_jhgrab
pat_jhthrow     1   map_jhthrow
pat_jhwast2     1   map_jhwast2

pat_bappear     1   map_bappear
pat_barrow2     1   map_barrow2
pat_fireloop    1   map_fireloop
pat_arrowhit    1   map_arrowhit
pat_kanoax      1   map_kanoax
pat_crunch2     1   map_crunch2
pat_salrflc2    1   map_salrflc2
pat_salrush     1   map_salrush
pat_faxhit      1   map_faxhit
pat_litestrt    1   map_litestrt
pat_liteloop    1   map_liteloop
pat_liteend     1   map_liteend
pat_strtboom    1   map_strtboom
pat_strtbum2    1   map_strtbum2

pat_foot1       1   map_foot1
pat_foot2       1   map_foot2
pat_foot4       1   map_foot4
pat_gudblock    1   map_gudblock
pat_block1      1   map_block1
pat_gudhit1     1   map_gudhit1
pat_newbig1     1   map_newbig1
pat_newbig3     1   map_newbig3
pat_newbig4     1   map_newbig4
pat_roldbig1    1   map_roldbig1
pat_roldbig2    1   map_roldbig2
pat_rock1       1   map_rock1
pat_rock2       1   map_rock2
pat_rocks1      1   map_rocks1
pat_rocks2      1   map_rocks2
pat_rocks3      1   map_rocks3

pat_body1       1   map_body1
pat_body2       1   map_body2
pat_gudfall1    1   map_gudfall1
pat_gudfall2    1   map_gudfall2
pat_gudfall3    1   map_gudfall3
pat_gudfall4    1   map_gudfall4
pat_whoosh2     1   map_whoosh2
pat_bwhoosh2    1   map_bwhoosh2
pat_bwhoosh1    1   map_bwhoosh1
pat_bwhoosh3    1   map_bwhoosh3

pat_jhface1     1   map_jhface1
pat_jhatt2      1   map_jhatt2
pat_jhwast1     1   map_jhwast1

pat_jaxcann     1   map_jaxcann
pat_stfireup    1   map_stfireup
pat_sonforce    1   map_sonforce
pat_stmorph     1   map_stmorph

pat_rockhit     1   map_rockhit

pat_jaxrush     1   map_jaxrush
pat_jaxhitg     1   map_jaxhitg

pat_skfinhim    1   map_skfinhim
pat_skfinher    1   map_skfinher

pat_skkano      1   map_skkano
pat_sksonya     1   map_sksonya
pat_skjax       1   map_skjax
pat_sknitwlf    1   map_sknitwlf
pat_sksubz      1   map_sksubz
pat_skstrkr2    1   map_skstrkr2
pat_sksindel    1   map_sksindel
pat_sksector    1   map_sksector
pat_skcyrax     1   map_skcyrax
pat_skknglao    1   map_skknglao
pat_skcabal     1   map_skcabal
pat_sksheeva    1   map_sksheeva
pat_skshang     1   map_skshang
pat_skliukng    1   map_skliukng
pat_skmotaro    1   map_skmotaro
pat_sksmoke     1   map_sksmoke

;new shit

pat_skflawls    1   map_skflawls
pat_skfatal     1   map_skfatal
pat_skanimal    1   map_skanimal
pat_skbabal     1   map_skbabal
pat_skcrispy    1   map_skcrispy
pat_skfrost     1   map_skfrost
pat_skfrend1    1   map_skfrend1
pat_skfrend2    1   map_skfrend2
pat_skagain     1   map_skagain
pat_sktoasth    1   map_sktoasth
pat_sktoastl    1   map_sktoastl
pat_skohmaw     1   map_skohmaw

pat_sksuperb    1   map_sksuperb
pat_skweldon    1   map_skweldon
pat_skwins1    	1   map_skwins1
pat_skshomcy    1   map_skshomcy
pat_skiwin    	1   map_skiwin

pat_kitana  	1   map_kitana  
pat_jade    	1   map_jade    
pat_malena  	1   map_malena  
pat_scorpion	1   map_scorpion
pat_reptile 	1   map_reptile 
pat_skermac 	1   map_skermac 
pat_skrain 	1   map_skrain 
pat_skbaraka 	1   map_skbaraka 
pat_skraiden 	1   map_skraiden 

pat_skrndone    1   map_skrndone
pat_sktwo       1   map_sktwo   
pat_skthree     1   map_skthree 
pat_skfour      1   map_skfour  
pat_skfite4     1   map_skfite4 

pat_sklaff1     1   map_sklaff1
pat_sklaff2     1   map_sklaff2
pat_sklaff3     1   map_sklaff3
pat_sklaff4     1   map_sklaff4
pat_sklaff5     1   map_sklaff5

pat_skexelnt    1   map_skexelnt
pat_sknvrwin    1   map_sknvrwin
pat_skoutstd    1   map_skoutstd

pat_eblface2    1   map_eblface2

pat_sziceup     1   map_sziceup
pat_szicedwn    1   map_szicedwn
pat_icehit      1   map_icehit
pat_subzturd    1   map_subzturd
pat_szifrz      1   map_szifrz
pat_szslide     1   map_szslide

pat_dfdeath     1   map_dfdeath
pat_dfrun       1   map_dfrun
pat_dfface1     1   map_dfface1
pat_dfface2     1   map_dfface2
pat_dfgrab      1   map_dfgrab
pat_dfthrow     1   map_dfthrow
pat_dfwast1     1   map_dfwast1
pat_dfwast2     1   map_dfwast2

pat_kanoknif    1   map_kanoknif
pat_newstab2    1   map_newstab2

pat_kanoball    1   map_kanoball
pat_storb       1   map_storb
pat_kanlasr1    1   map_kanlasr1

pat_centaur1    1   map_centaur1
pat_centaur2    1   map_centaur2
pat_hboss1      1   map_hboss1
pat_hhit1       1   map_hhit1
pat_hhit2       1   map_hhit2

pat_ebldeath    1   map_ebldeath
pat_eblrun      1   map_eblrun
pat_ebtrip      1   map_ebtrip
pat_eblface1    1   map_eblface1
pat_eblatt1     1   map_eblatt1
pat_ebljump     1   map_ebljump
pat_eblgrab     1   map_eblgrab
pat_eblthrow    1   map_eblthrow
pat_eblwast1    1   map_eblwast1
pat_eblwast2    1   map_eblwast2

pat_lkflykck    1   map_lkflykck
pat_kungthrw    1   map_kungthrw

pat_sawhit      1   map_sawhit
pat_dfklthro    1   map_dfklthro

pat_strkgren    1   map_strkgren
pat_strklung    1   map_strklung
pat_sonbike     1   map_sonbike
pat_strkthro    1   map_strkthro

pat_roboout     1   map_roboout
pat_robothrw    1   map_robothrw
pat_roboin      1   map_roboin
pat_robrock1    1   map_robrock1
pat_robrock2    1   map_robrock2

;new
pat_amdeath     1   map_amdeath
pat_amrun       1   map_amrun
pat_amtrip      1   map_amtrip
pat_ambody2     1   map_ambody2
pat_amface1     1   map_amface1
pat_amface2     1   map_amface2
pat_skreact1    1   map_skreact1
pat_skreact2    1   map_skreact2
pat_skreact3    1   map_skreact3
pat_amatt1      1   map_amatt1
pat_amatt2      1   map_amatt2
pat_amjump      1   map_amjump
pat_skatt1      1   map_skatt1
pat_skatt2      1   map_skatt2
pat_amgrab      1   map_amgrab
pat_amthrow     1   map_amthrow
pat_lkwast2     1   map_lkwast2
pat_amwast1     1   map_amwast1
pat_amwast2     1   map_amwast2
pat_skwast1     1   map_skwast1
pat_skwast2     1   map_skwast2
pat_splish1     1   map_splish1
pat_splish2     1   map_splish2
pat_splish3     1   map_splish3
pat_stab1       1   map_stab1
pat_bigstab1    1   map_bigstab1
pat_bigstab2    1   map_bigstab2
pat_bigstab3    1   map_bigstab3
pat_jaxgotch    1   map_jaxgotch
pat_crunch1     1   map_crunch1
pat_whistle     1   map_whistle
pat_pbfun       1   map_pbfun
pat_robpres1    1   map_robpres1
pat_robpres2    1   map_robpres2
pat_bodsmsh1    1   map_bodsmsh1
pat_scorthr1    1   map_scorthr1
pat_beep1       1   map_beep1
pat_compfx1     1   map_compfx1
pat_roblaff     1   map_roblaff
pat_bird        1   map_bird
pat_slide       1   map_slide
pat_horn        1   map_horn
pat_quake1      1   map_quake1
pat_bubble1     1   map_bubble1
pat_headgrow    1   map_headgrow
pat_cblscrm     1   map_cblscrm
pat_whirl1      1   map_whirl1
pat_swords      1   map_swords
pat_stcloud1    1   map_stcloud1
pat_flmorph     1   map_flmorph
pat_mhit1       1   map_mhit1
pat_mhit2       1   map_mhit2
pat_skpathet    1   map_skpathet
pat_sktrying    1   map_sktrying
pat_skdntlaf    1   map_skdntlaf
pat_machmix     1   map_machmix  ;new
pat_kneebrk     1   map_kneebrk  ;new
pat_hissmix     1   map_hissmix  ;new
pat_maul        1   map_maul     ;new
pat_skdestin    1   map_skdestin ;new
pat_mercyhit    1   map_mercyhit ;new
pat_spinerip    1   map_spinerip ;new
pat_attrct2a    1   map_attrct2a ;new
pat_subway4     1   map_subway4  ;new
pat_subway2     1   map_subway2  ;new
pat_subway3     1   map_subway3  ;new
pat_skdiemix    1   map_skdiemix ;new
pat_dogyip      1   map_dogyip   ;new
pat_dogwhine    1   map_dogwhine ;new
pat_baby1       1   map_baby1    ;new
pat_danger      1   map_danger   ;new
pat_skyousuk    1   map_skyousuk ;new
pat_anmlroar    1   map_anmlroar ;new
pat_dummy2    	1   map_dummy ;new
pat_wagon       1   map_wagon    ;new
pat_dummy3     	1   map_dummy   ;new
pat_dummy4    	1   map_dummy ;new
;************************************************************************
;new umk3

pat_smokwhsh	1   map_smokwhsh
pat_scorcome	1   map_scorcome
pat_scorget 	1   map_scorget 
pat_blcrnch2	1   map_blcrnch2
pat_scormask	1   map_scormask
pat_reptproj	1   map_reptproj
pat_robsprk9	1   map_robsprk9
pat_n1thrfan	1   map_n1thrfan
pat_nfanhit 	1   map_nfanhit 
pat_girlshrt	1   map_girlshrt
pat_jadekck 	1   map_jadekck 
pat_throtsai	1   map_throtsai
pat_jadeflck	1   map_jadeflck
pat_bldcrnch	1   map_bldcrnch
pat_kiss    	1   map_kiss    
pat_treeroar	1   map_treeroar
pat_splash  	1   map_splash  
pat_bubble  	1   map_bubble  
pat_vsprk1  	1   map_vsprk1  
pat_vsprk2  	1   map_vsprk2  
pat_lkreact1	1   map_dummy
pat_lkreact2	1   map_dummy
;pat_bigstab1 	1   map_bigstab1    
pat_bigboom 	1   map_bigboom    
pat_reporb41	1   map_reporb41   
pat_ohmaw   	1   map_ohmaw   
;pat_lksping  K	1   map_lksping 

;************************************************************************

pat_knifejec 	1   map_knifejec
pat_knifplng 	1   map_knifplng
pat_barthrow 	1   map_barthrow
			
pat_raidkill 	1   map_raidkill
pat_sprkthro 	1   map_sprkthro
pat_rtele    	1   map_rtele   
pat_rgetup   	1   map_rgetup  
pat_rdive    	1   map_rdive   
pat_gib1     	1   map_gib1    
pat_gib2     	1   map_gib2    
pat_gib3     	1   map_gib3    
pat_gib4     	1   map_gib4    
pat_rsmak    	1   map_rsmak   
pat_lightng  	1   map_lightng 
pat_rsprkstr  	1   map_rsprkstr 
pat_rspark1  	1   map_rspark1 
pat_rsprkend  	1   map_rsprkend 

;final cage and sfx additions
pat_cagekck1  	1   map_cagekck1 
pat_cagekck2  	1   map_cagekck2 
pat_cagekiss  	1   map_cagekiss 
pat_snotup  	1   map_snotup   
pat_snothit  	1   map_snothit  
pat_joncage  	1   map_joncage  
pat_skteam  	1   map_skteam   
pat_skbrute  	1   map_skbrute  
pat_skcham  	1   map_skcham   
pat_screenfl  	1   map_screenfl 
pat_screenin  	1   map_screenin 
pat_aggresor  	1   map_aggresor 
pat_skone  	1   map_skone 
pat_frog  	1   map_frog 


;************************************************************************

[PATCHMAP_DEFINITIONS]
map_frog
sample_id= vag_frog
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skone
sample_id= vag_skone
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_cagekck1
sample_id= vag_cagekck1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_cagekck2
sample_id= vag_cagekck2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127


map_cagekiss
sample_id= vag_cagekiss
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127


map_snotup
sample_id= vag_snotup
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127


map_snothit
sample_id= vag_snothit
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127


map_joncage
sample_id= vag_joncage
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127


map_skteam
sample_id= vag_skteam
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127


map_skbrute
sample_id= vag_skbrute
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127


map_skcham
sample_id= vag_skcham
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127


map_screenfl
sample_id= vag_screenfl
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127


map_screenin
sample_id= vag_screenin
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127


map_aggresor
sample_id= vag_aggresor
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_rsprkstr
sample_id= vag_rsprkstr
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127


map_rspark1
sample_id= vag_rspark1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_rsprkend
sample_id= vag_rsprkend
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_knifejec
sample_id= vag_knifejec
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_knifplng
sample_id= vag_knifplng
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_barthrow
sample_id= vag_barthrow
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_raidkill
sample_id= vag_raidkill
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_sprkthro
sample_id= vag_sprkthro
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_rtele
sample_id= vag_rtele
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_rgetup
sample_id= vag_rgetup
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_rdive
sample_id= vag_rdive
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_gib1
sample_id= vag_gib1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_gib2
sample_id= vag_gib2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_gib3
sample_id= vag_gib3
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_gib4
sample_id= vag_gib4
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_rsmak
sample_id= vag_rsmak
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_lightng
sample_id= vag_lightng
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_dummy
sample_id= vag_whoosh1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 0
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

;The Drum Maps

map_kick1
sample_id= vag_kick1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 36
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 127
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_snare1
sample_id= vag_snare1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 124
pan= 64
root_key= 36
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 127
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_hat1
sample_id= vag_hat1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 124
pan= 64
root_key= 36
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 42
note_max= 42
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 127
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_hat2
sample_id= vag_hat2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 124
pan= 64
root_key= 34
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 44
note_max= 44
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 127
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_hat3
sample_id= vag_hat3
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 124
pan= 64
root_key= 36
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 46
note_max= 46
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 127
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_hat4
sample_id= vag_hat4
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 65
pan= 64
root_key= 36
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 51
note_max= 51
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 127
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_ktoms
sample_id= vag_ktoms
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 124
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 30
note_max= 127 
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 127
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_tom1
sample_id= vag_tom1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 124
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 30
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 127
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_crash1
sample_id= vag_crash1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 50
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 49
note_max= 49
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 127
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_crash2
sample_id= vag_crash2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 50
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 52
note_max= 52
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 127
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_clik
sample_id= vag_clik
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_clik2
sample_id= vag_clik2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_clik3
sample_id= vag_clik3
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_wood1
sample_id= vag_wood1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 48
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 52
note_max= 52
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_wood2
sample_id= vag_wood2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 48
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 46
note_max= 46
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_wood3
sample_id= vag_wood3
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 48
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 49
note_max= 49
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_wood4
sample_id= vag_wood4
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 48
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 44
note_max= 44
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_wood5
sample_id= vag_wood5
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 48
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 54
note_max= 54
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_perc1a
sample_id= vag_perc1a
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 53
note_max= 53
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_perc1b
sample_id= vag_perc1b
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 54
note_max= 54
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_perc1c
sample_id= vag_perc1c
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 57
note_max= 57
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_perc1d
sample_id= vag_perc1d
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 71
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 59
note_max= 59
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_perc1e
sample_id= vag_perc1e
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 60
note_max= 60
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_perc2a
sample_id= vag_perc2a
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 51
note_max= 51
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_perc2b
sample_id= vag_perc2b
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 49
note_max= 49
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_perc2c
sample_id= vag_perc2c
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 48
note_max= 48
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_perc2d
sample_id= vag_perc2d
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 52
note_max= 52
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_bigdrum
sample_id= vag_bigdrum
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_cymroll
sample_id= vag_cymroll
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 50
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127


;the instrument	maps

map_bigvox
sample_id= vag_bigvox
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 2
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_choir2
sample_id= vag_choir2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_droogpia
sample_id= vag_droogpia
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_fair
sample_id= vag_fair
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_heavy
sample_id= vag_heavy
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_kbass
sample_id= vag_kbass
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_kbig
sample_id= vag_kbig
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

;map_khits
;sample_id= vag_khits
;priority= 100
;reverb= 0
;vol= 127
;pan= 64
;root_key= 60
;fine_adj= 0
;note_min= 0
;note_max= 127
;pitchstep_min= 0
;pitchstep_max= 0
;attack_time= 1
;decay_time= 32000
;release_time= 10
;attack_level= 127
;decay_level= 127

map_kvox
sample_id= vag_kvox
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_mkbars
sample_id= vag_mkbars
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_mkgong
sample_id= vag_mkgong
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 123
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_mkrack
sample_id= vag_mkrack
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 120
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_moguebas
sample_id= vag_moguebas
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_morch
sample_id= vag_morch
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_ohits
sample_id= vag_ohits
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_ostbass
sample_id= vag_ostbass
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 124
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_oww
sample_id= vag_oww
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_proharp
sample_id= vag_proharp
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_prohits
sample_id= vag_prohits
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_protrpt
sample_id= vag_protrpt
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_prowiden
sample_id= vag_prowiden
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_revcym
sample_id= vag_revcym
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 124
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_shaku
sample_id= vag_shaku
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 114
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 2
pitchstep_max= 2
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_timpani
sample_id= vag_timpani
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_trainmel
sample_id= vag_trainmel
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_trombtrp
sample_id= vag_trombtrp
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_twibass
sample_id= vag_twibass
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_spacep
sample_id= vag_spacep
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_yuh
sample_id= vag_yuh
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

;map_zawinul
;sample_id= vag_zawinul
;priority= 100
;reverb= 0
;vol= 127
;pan= 64
;root_key= 60
;fine_adj= 0
;note_min= 0
;note_max= 127
;pitchstep_min= 0
;pitchstep_max= 0
;attack_time= 1
;decay_time= 32000
;release_time= 10
;attack_level= 127
;decay_level= 127

map_timbale
sample_id= vag_timbale
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_piano
sample_id= vag_piano
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_organ
sample_id= vag_organ
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127


;The sfx Maps

map_srock
sample_id= vag_srock
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_swhoosh
sample_id= vag_swhoosh
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_bell
sample_id= vag_bell
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_pbcycle
sample_id= vag_pbcycle
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 120
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_hairthrw
sample_id= vag_hairthrw
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_scrmtrp2
sample_id= vag_scrmtrp2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_flying1
sample_id= vag_flying1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 80
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_rhouse
sample_id= vag_rhouse
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_doorslid
sample_id= vag_doorslid
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 120
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_newdoor
sample_id= vag_newdoor
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 125
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_windloop
sample_id= vag_windloop
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 50
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_whoosh1
sample_id= vag_whoosh1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_whoosh3
sample_id= vag_whoosh3
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_oooh
sample_id= vag_oooh
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_ncurs1
sample_id= vag_ncurs1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 75
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_ncurs2
sample_id= vag_ncurs2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 75
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_picked1
sample_id= vag_picked1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_picked2
sample_id= vag_picked2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_timeout1
sample_id= vag_timeout1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 90
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_foot3
sample_id= vag_foot3
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 112
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_mrtlwhsh
sample_id= vag_mrtlwhsh
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 80
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_dftosty
sample_id= vag_dftosty
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_dfrosty
sample_id= vag_dfrosty
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_dfcrispy
sample_id= vag_dfcrispy
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_kanlasrl
sample_id= vag_kanlasr1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_mfirebal
sample_id= vag_mfirebal
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_ignite
sample_id= vag_ignite
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 120
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_bones
sample_id= vag_bones
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_lkdeath
sample_id= vag_lkdeath
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_lkrun
sample_id= vag_lkrun
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_lktrip
sample_id= vag_lktrip
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_lkface1
sample_id= vag_lkface1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_lkface2
sample_id= vag_lkface2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_lkatt1
sample_id= vag_lkatt1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_lkatt2
sample_id= vag_lkatt2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_lkjump
sample_id= vag_lkjump
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_lkgrab
sample_id= vag_lkgrab
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_lkthrow
sample_id= vag_lkthrow
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_lkwast1
sample_id= vag_lkwast1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_lkfball
sample_id= vag_lkfball
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_axhit
sample_id= vag_axhit
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_sonyafly
sample_id= vag_sonyafly
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_lkcycle
sample_id= vag_lkcycle
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_lkflyink
sample_id= vag_lkflyink
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_jhdeath
sample_id= vag_jhdeath
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_robtalk5
sample_id= vag_robtalk5
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_dftrip
sample_id= vag_dftrip
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_robshk2
sample_id= vag_robshk2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_dfatt1
sample_id= vag_dfatt1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_dfatt2
sample_id= vag_dfatt2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_dfjump
sample_id= vag_dfjump
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 95
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_robtalk2
sample_id= vag_robtalk2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_robtalk3
sample_id= vag_robtalk3
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_robtalk4
sample_id= vag_robtalk4
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_netthrow
sample_id= vag_netthrow
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_robball1
sample_id= vag_robball1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_robball2
sample_id= vag_robball2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_robxplod
sample_id= vag_robxplod
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_robclik
sample_id= vag_robclik
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_robowarn
sample_id= vag_robowarn
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_robxpld2
sample_id= vag_robxpld2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_robimpld
sample_id= vag_robimpld
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_robshk1
sample_id= vag_robshk1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_robshk3
sample_id= vag_robshk3
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_robtalk1
sample_id= vag_robtalk1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_netblk
sample_id= vag_netblk
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_vpdeath
sample_id= vag_vpdeath
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_vpnotbut
sample_id= vag_vpnotbut
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_vprun
sample_id= vag_vprun
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_vpgrab
sample_id= vag_vpgrab
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_vpface1
sample_id= vag_vpface1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_vpface2
sample_id= vag_vpface2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_vpatt1
sample_id= vag_vpatt1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_vpatt2
sample_id= vag_vpatt2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_vpjump
sample_id= vag_vpjump
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 95
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_vpthrow
sample_id= vag_vpthrow
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_vpwast1
sample_id= vag_vpwast1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_vpwast2
sample_id= vag_vpwast2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_fballhit
sample_id= vag_fballhit
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_cabalgun
sample_id= vag_cabalgun
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_hicwhsh
sample_id= vag_hicwhsh
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 95
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_locwhsh
sample_id= vag_locwhsh
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 95
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_pbdeath
sample_id= vag_pbdeath
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_pbwast2
sample_id= vag_pbwast2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_pbrun
sample_id= vag_pbrun
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 120
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_pbtrip
sample_id= vag_pbtrip
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_pbface1
sample_id= vag_pbface1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_pbface2
sample_id= vag_pbface2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_pbatt1
sample_id= vag_pbatt1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_pbatt2
sample_id= vag_pbatt2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_pbjump
sample_id= vag_pbjump
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_pbgrab
sample_id= vag_pbgrab
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_pbthrow
sample_id= vag_pbthrow
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_pbwast1
sample_id= vag_pbwast1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_shevtele
sample_id= vag_shevtele
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_bigbslam
sample_id= vag_bigbslam
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_forcehit
sample_id= vag_forcehit
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_robtele
sample_id= vag_robtele
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 95
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_ebshook
sample_id= vag_ebshook
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_jhrun
sample_id= vag_jhrun
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_jhtrip
sample_id= vag_jhtrip
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_jhface2
sample_id= vag_jhface2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_jhatt1
sample_id= vag_jhatt1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_jhjump
sample_id= vag_jhjump
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 95
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_jhgrab
sample_id= vag_jhgrab
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_jhthrow
sample_id= vag_jhthrow
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_jhwast2
sample_id= vag_jhwast2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_bappear
sample_id= vag_bappear
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 90
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_barrow2
sample_id= vag_barrow2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 95
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_fireloop
sample_id= vag_fireloop
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 90
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_arrowhit
sample_id= vag_arrowhit
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 125
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_kanoax
sample_id= vag_kanoax
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 120
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_crunch2
sample_id= vag_crunch2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 95
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_salrflc2
sample_id= vag_salrflc2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_salrush
sample_id= vag_salrush
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 125
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_faxhit
sample_id= vag_faxhit
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 125
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_litestrt
sample_id= vag_litestrt
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_liteloop
sample_id= vag_liteloop
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_liteend
sample_id= vag_liteend
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_strtboom
sample_id= vag_strtboom
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 126
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_strtbum2
sample_id= vag_strtbum2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 125
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_foot1
sample_id= vag_foot1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_foot2
sample_id= vag_foot2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 112
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_foot4
sample_id= vag_foot4
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_gudblock
sample_id= vag_gudblock
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_block1
sample_id= vag_block1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_gudhit1
sample_id= vag_gudhit1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 95
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_newbig1
sample_id= vag_newbig3
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 125
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_newbig3
sample_id= vag_newbig3
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 125
pan= 64
root_key= 61
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_newbig4
sample_id= vag_newbig3
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 125
pan= 64
root_key= 62
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_roldbig1
sample_id= vag_roldbig1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_roldbig2
sample_id= vag_roldbig1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 61
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_rock1
sample_id= vag_rock1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_rock2
sample_id= vag_rock2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_rocks1
sample_id= vag_rocks1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_rocks2
sample_id= vag_rocks2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_rocks3
sample_id= vag_rocks3
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_body1
sample_id= vag_body1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 80
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_body2
sample_id= vag_body2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 90
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_gudfall1
sample_id= vag_gudfall1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_gudfall2
sample_id= vag_gudfall2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_gudfall3
sample_id= vag_gudfall3
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_gudfall4
sample_id= vag_gudfall4
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_whoosh2
sample_id= vag_whoosh3
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 95
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_bwhoosh2
sample_id= vag_whoosh3
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 95
pan= 64
root_key= 61
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_bwhoosh1
sample_id= vag_whoosh1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_bwhoosh3
sample_id= vag_whoosh1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 61
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_jhface1
sample_id= vag_jhface1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_jhatt2
sample_id= vag_jhatt2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_jhwast1
sample_id= vag_jhwast1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_jaxcann
sample_id= vag_jaxcann
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_stfireup
sample_id= vag_stfireup
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_sonforce
sample_id= vag_sonforce
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_stmorph
sample_id= vag_stmorph
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 90
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_rockhit
sample_id= vag_rockhit
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_jaxrush
sample_id= vag_jaxrush
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_jaxhitg
sample_id= vag_jaxhitg
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skfinhim
sample_id= vag_skfinhim
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skfinher
sample_id= vag_skfinher
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skkano
sample_id= vag_skkano
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_sksonya
sample_id= vag_sksonya
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skjax
sample_id= vag_skjax
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_sknitwlf
sample_id= vag_sknitwlf
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_sksubz
sample_id= vag_sksubz
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skstrkr2
sample_id= vag_skstrkr2
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_sksindel
sample_id= vag_sksindel
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_sksector
sample_id= vag_sksector
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skcyrax
sample_id= vag_skcyrax
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skknglao
sample_id= vag_skknglao
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skcabal
sample_id= vag_skcabal
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_sksheeva
sample_id= vag_sksheeva
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skshang
sample_id= vag_skshang
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skliukng
sample_id= vag_skliukng
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skmotaro
sample_id= vag_skmotaro
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_sksmoke
sample_id= vag_sksmoke
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skflawls
sample_id= vag_skflawls
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skfatal
sample_id= vag_skfatal
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skanimal
sample_id= vag_skanimal
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skbabal
sample_id= vag_skbabal
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skcrispy
sample_id= vag_skcrispy
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skfrost
sample_id= vag_skfrost
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skfrend1
sample_id= vag_skfrend1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skfrend2
sample_id= vag_skfrend2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skagain
sample_id= vag_skagain
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_sktoasth
sample_id= vag_sktoastl	;rob use to be _sktoasth
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_sktoastl
sample_id= vag_sktoastl
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skohmaw
sample_id= vag_skohmaw
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_sksuperb
sample_id= vag_sksuperb
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skweldon
sample_id= vag_skweldon
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skwins1
sample_id= vag_skwins1
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skshomcy
sample_id= vag_skshomcy
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skiwin
sample_id= vag_skiwin
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skrndone
sample_id= vag_skrndone
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_sktwo
sample_id= vag_sktwo
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skthree
sample_id= vag_skthree
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skfour
sample_id= vag_skfour
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skfite4
sample_id= vag_skfite4
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127



map_sklaff1
sample_id= vag_sklaff2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_sklaff2
sample_id= vag_sklaff2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_sklaff3
sample_id= vag_sklaff2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_sklaff4
sample_id= vag_sklaff2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 61
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_sklaff5
sample_id= vag_sklaff2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 62
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skexelnt
sample_id= vag_skexelnt
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_sknvrwin
sample_id= vag_sknvrwin
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skoutstd
sample_id= vag_skoutstd
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_eblface2
sample_id= vag_eblface2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_sziceup
sample_id= vag_sziceup
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 90
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_szicedwn
sample_id= vag_szicedwn
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 90
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_icehit
sample_id= vag_icehit
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_subzturd
sample_id= vag_subzturd
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 120
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_szifrz
sample_id= vag_szifrz
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_szslide
sample_id= vag_szslide
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 90
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_dfdeath
sample_id= vag_dfdeath
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_dfrun
sample_id= vag_dfrun
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_dfface1
sample_id= vag_dfface1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_dfface2
sample_id= vag_dfface2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_dfgrab
sample_id= vag_dfgrab
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_dfthrow
sample_id= vag_dfthrow
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 123
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_dfwast1
sample_id= vag_dfwast1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 120
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_dfwast2
sample_id= vag_dfwast2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 120
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_kanoknif
sample_id= vag_kanoknif
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_newstab2
sample_id= vag_newstab2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_kanoball
sample_id= vag_kanoball
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_storb
sample_id= vag_storb
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 80
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_kanlasr1
sample_id= vag_kanlasr1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_centaur1
sample_id= vag_centaur1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_centaur2
sample_id= vag_centaur2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_hboss1
sample_id= vag_hboss1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_hhit1
sample_id= vag_hhit1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_hhit2
sample_id= vag_hhit2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_ebldeath
sample_id= vag_ebldeath
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_eblrun
sample_id= vag_eblrun
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_ebtrip
sample_id= vag_ebtrip
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_eblface1
sample_id= vag_eblface1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_eblatt1
sample_id= vag_eblatt1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 118
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_ebljump
sample_id= vag_ebljump
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 85
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_eblgrab
sample_id= vag_eblgrab
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_eblthrow
sample_id= vag_eblthrow
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 120
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_eblwast1
sample_id= vag_eblwast1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_eblwast2
sample_id= vag_eblwast2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 115
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_lkflykck
sample_id= vag_lkflykck
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 90
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_kungthrw
sample_id= vag_kungthrw
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_sawhit
sample_id= vag_sawhit
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_dfklthro
sample_id= vag_dfklthro
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_strkgren
sample_id= vag_strkgren
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 85
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_strklung
sample_id= vag_strklung
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_sonbike
sample_id= vag_sonbike
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_strkthro
sample_id= vag_strkthro
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 105
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_roboout
sample_id= vag_roboout
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 90
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_robothrw
sample_id= vag_robothrw
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_roboin
sample_id= vag_roboin
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 80
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_robrock1
sample_id= vag_robrock1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_robrock2
sample_id= vag_robrock2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 100
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

;new

map_amdeath
sample_id= vag_amdeath
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_amrun
sample_id= vag_amrun
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_amtrip
sample_id= vag_amtrip
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_ambody2
sample_id= vag_ambody2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_amface1
sample_id= vag_amface1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_amface2
sample_id= vag_amface2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skreact1
sample_id= vag_skreact1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skreact2
sample_id= vag_skreact2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skreact3
sample_id= vag_skreact3
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_amatt1
sample_id= vag_amatt1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_amatt2
sample_id= vag_amatt2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_amjump
sample_id= vag_amjump
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skatt1
sample_id= vag_skatt1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skatt2
sample_id= vag_skatt2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_amgrab
sample_id= vag_amgrab
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_amthrow
sample_id= vag_amthrow
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_lkwast2
sample_id= vag_lkwast2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_amwast1
sample_id= vag_amwast1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_amwast2
sample_id= vag_amwast1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 61
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skwast1
sample_id= vag_skwast1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skwast2
sample_id= vag_skwast2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_splish1
sample_id= vag_splish1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_splish2
sample_id= vag_splish2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_splish3
sample_id= vag_splish3
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_stab1
sample_id= vag_stab1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_bigstab1
sample_id= vag_bigstab1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_bigstab2
sample_id= vag_bigstab2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_bigstab3
sample_id= vag_bigstab3
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_jaxgotch
sample_id= vag_jaxgotch
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_crunch1
sample_id= vag_crunch1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_whistle
sample_id= vag_whistle
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_pbfun
sample_id= vag_pbfun
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_robpres1
sample_id= vag_robpres1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_robpres2
sample_id= vag_robpres2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_bodsmsh1
sample_id= vag_bodsmsh1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_scorthr1
sample_id= vag_scorthr1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_beep1
sample_id= vag_beep1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_compfx1
sample_id= vag_compfx1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_roblaff
sample_id= vag_roblaff
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_bird
sample_id= vag_bird
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_slide
sample_id= vag_slide
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_horn
sample_id= vag_horn
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_quake1
sample_id= vag_quake1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_bubble1
sample_id= vag_bubble1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_headgrow
sample_id= vag_headgrow
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_cblscrm
sample_id= vag_cblscrm
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_whirl1
sample_id= vag_whirl1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_swords
sample_id= vag_swords
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_stcloud1
sample_id= vag_stcloud1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_flmorph
sample_id= vag_flmorph
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_mhit1
sample_id= vag_mhit1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_mhit2
sample_id= vag_mhit2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skpathet
sample_id= vag_skpathet
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_sktrying
sample_id= vag_sktrying
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skdntlaf
sample_id= vag_skdntlaf
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_machmix
sample_id= vag_machmix
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_kneebrk
sample_id= vag_kneebrk
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_hissmix
sample_id= vag_hissmix
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_maul
sample_id= vag_maul
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skdestin
sample_id= vag_skdestin
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_mercyhit
sample_id= vag_mercyhit
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_spinerip
sample_id= vag_spinerip
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_attrct2a
sample_id= vag_attrct2a
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_subway4
sample_id= vag_subway4
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_subway2
sample_id= vag_subway2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_subway3
sample_id= vag_subway3
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skdiemix
sample_id= vag_skdiemix
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_dogyip
sample_id= vag_dogyip
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_dogwhine
sample_id= vag_dogwhine
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_baby1
sample_id= vag_baby1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_danger
sample_id= vag_danger
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skyousuk
sample_id= vag_skyousuk
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_anmlroar
sample_id= vag_anmlroar
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

;map_winstone
;sample_id= vag_winstone
;priority= 100
;reverb= 0
;vol= 127
;pan= 64
;root_key= 60
;fine_adj= 0
;note_min= 0
;note_max= 127
;pitchstep_min= 0
;pitchstep_max= 0
;attack_time= 1
;decay_time= 32000
;release_time= 10
;attack_level= 127
;decay_level= 127

map_wagon
sample_id= vag_wagon
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

;map_fstart
;sample_id= vag_fstart
;priority= 100
;reverb= 0
;vol= 127
;pan= 64
;root_key= 60
;fine_adj= 0
;note_min= 0
;note_max= 127
;pitchstep_min= 0
;pitchstep_max= 0
;attack_time= 1
;decay_time= 32000
;release_time= 10
;attack_level= 127
;decay_level= 127

;map_mrtlsans
;map_mrtlsans
;sample_id= vag_mrtlsans
;priority= 100
;reverb= 0
;vol= 127
;pan= 64
;root_key= 60
;fine_adj= 0
;note_min= 0
;note_max= 127
;pitchstep_min= 0
;pitchstep_max= 0
;attack_time= 1
;decay_time= 32000
;release_time= 10
;attack_level= 127
;decay_level= 127
;************************************************************************
;new umk3 shit

map_smokwhsh
sample_id= vag_smokwhsh
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_scorcome
sample_id= vag_scorcome
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_scorget
sample_id= vag_scorget
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_blcrnch2
sample_id= vag_blcrnch2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

;map_bigstab
;sample_id= vag_bigstab
;priority= 100
;reverb= 0
;vol= 127
;pan= 64
;root_key= 60
;fine_adj= 0
;note_min= 0
;note_max= 127
;pitchstep_min= 0
;pitchstep_max= 0
;attack_time= 1
;decay_time= 32000
;release_time= 10
;attack_level= 127
;decay_level= 127

map_scormask
sample_id= vag_scormask
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_bigboom
sample_id= vag_bigboom
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_reptproj
sample_id= vag_reptproj
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_robsprk9
sample_id= vag_robsprk9
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_reporb41
sample_id= vag_reporb41
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_n1thrfan
sample_id= vag_n1thrfan
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_nfanhit
sample_id= vag_nfanhit
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_girlshrt
sample_id= vag_girlshrt
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_jadekck
sample_id= vag_jadekck
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_throtsai
sample_id= vag_throtsai
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_jadeflck
sample_id= vag_jadeflck
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_kitana
sample_id= vag_kitana
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_jade
sample_id= vag_jade
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_malena
sample_id= vag_malena
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_scorpion
sample_id= vag_scorpion
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_reptile
sample_id= vag_reptile
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skermac
sample_id= vag_skermac
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skrain
sample_id= vag_skrain
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_sknoob
sample_id= vag_sknoob
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127


map_skbaraka
sample_id= vag_baraka
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_skraiden
sample_id= vag_raiden
priority= 120
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127


map_bldcrnch
sample_id= vag_bldcrnch
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_kiss
sample_id= vag_kiss
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_treeroar
sample_id= vag_treeroar
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 110
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_splash
sample_id= vag_splash
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_bubble
sample_id= vag_bubble
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_ohmaw
sample_id= vag_ohmaw
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_vsprk1
sample_id= vag_vsprk1
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

map_vsprk2
sample_id= vag_vsprk2
priority= 100
reverb= 0
vol= 127
pan= 64
root_key= 60
fine_adj= 0
note_min= 0
note_max= 127
pitchstep_min= 0
pitchstep_max= 0
attack_time= 1
decay_time= 32000
release_time= 10
attack_level= 127
decay_level= 127

;map_lksping
;sample_id= vag_lksping
;priority= 100
;reverb= 0
;vol= 127
;pan= 64
;root_key= 60
;fine_adj= 0
;note_min= 0
;note_max= 127
;pitchstep_min= 0
;pitchstep_max= 0
;attack_time= 1
;decay_time= 32000
;release_time= 10
;attack_level= 127
;decay_level= 127

;map_lkreact1
;sample_id= vag_lkreact1
;priority= 100
;reverb= 0
;vol= 127
;pan= 64
;root_key= 60
;fine_adj= 0
;note_min= 0
;note_max= 127
;pitchstep_min= 0
;pitchstep_max= 0
;attack_time= 1
;decay_time= 32000
;release_time= 10
;attack_level= 127
;decay_level= 127

;map_lkreact2
;sample_id= vag_lkreact2
;priority= 100
;reverb= 0
;vol= 127
;pan= 64
;root_key= 60
;fine_adj= 0
;note_min= 0
;note_max= 127
;pitchstep_min= 0
;pitchstep_max= 0
;attack_time= 1
;decay_time= 32000
;release_time= 10
;attack_level= 127
;decay_level= 127
;************************************************************************
[PATCHINFO_DEFINITIONS]
;************************************************************************
vag_kick1		../aif22/kick1.aifc	
vag_snare1		../aif22/snare1.aifc	

vag_hat1		../aif22/hat1.aifc	
vag_hat2		../aif22/hat2.aifc	
vag_hat3		../aif22/hat3.aifc	
vag_hat4		../aif22/hat4.aifc	
vag_ktoms		../aif22/ktoms.aifc	
vag_tom1		../aif22/tom1.aifc	
vag_crash1		../aif22/crash1.aifc	
vag_crash2		../aif22/crash2.aifc	

vag_clik		../inst/clik.aifc	
vag_clik2		../inst/clik2.aifc	
vag_clik3		../inst/clik3.aifc	
vag_wood1		../inst22/wood1.aifc	
vag_wood2		../inst22/wood2.aifc	
vag_wood3		../inst22/wood3.aifc	
vag_wood4		../inst22/wood4.aifc	
vag_wood5		../inst22/wood5.aifc	

vag_perc1a		../inst22/perc1a.aifc	
vag_perc1b		../inst22/perc1b.aifc	
vag_perc1c		../inst22/perc1c.aifc	
vag_perc1d		../inst22/perc1d.aifc	
vag_perc1e		../inst22/perc1e.aifc	
vag_perc2a		../inst22/perc2a.aifc	
vag_perc2b		../inst22/perc2b.aifc	
vag_perc2c		../inst22/perc2c.aifc	
vag_perc2d		../inst22/perc2d.aifc	
vag_bigdrum		../aif22/bigdrum.aifc	
vag_cymroll		../aif22/cymroll.aifc	

;THE INSTRUM		       
vag_choir2		../inst/choir2.aifc	
vag_bigvox		../inst/bigvox.aifc	
vag_droogpia		../inst/droogpia.aifc
vag_fair		../inst/fair.aifc	
vag_heavy		../inst/heavy.aifc	
vag_kbass		../inst/kbass.aifc	
vag_kbig		../inst/kbig.aifc	
;vag_khits		../inst/khits.aifc	
vag_kvox		../inst/kvox.aifc	
vag_mkbars		../inst/mkbars.aifc	
vag_mkgong		../aif22/mkgong.aifc	
vag_mkrack		../aif22/mkrack.aifc	
vag_moguebas		../inst/moguebas.aifc
vag_morch		../inst/morch.aifc
vag_ohits		../inst/ohits.aifc	
vag_ostbass		../aif22/ostbass.aifc	
vag_oww			../inst/oww.aifc		
vag_proharp		../inst/proharp.aifc	
vag_prohits		../inst/prohits.aifc	
vag_protrpt		../inst/protrpt.aifc	
vag_prowiden		../inst/prowiden.aifc
vag_revcym		../aif22/revcym.aifc	
vag_shaku		../aif22/shaku.aifc	
vag_timpani		../inst/timpani.aifc	
vag_trainmel		../inst/trainmel.aifc
vag_trombtrp		../inst/trombtrp.aifc
vag_twibass		../inst/twibass.aifc	
vag_spacep		../inst/spacep.aifc
vag_yuh			../inst/yuh.aifc		
vag_timbale		../inst/timbale.aifc		
vag_piano		../inst/piano.aifc		
vag_organ		../inst/organ.aifc		
;**************************************************************************
;                           INTRO AND SELECT SCREENS
;************************************************************************
vag_srock       ../aiff/srock.aifc       ; New for select
vag_swhoosh     ../aiff/swhoosh.aifc     ; New for select

vag_rhouse      ../aiff/rhouse.aifc      ; 2 - roundhouse whoosh
vag_doorslid    ../aiff/doorslid.aifc    ; 3 - big door closing
vag_newdoor     ../aiff/newdoor.aifc     ; 4 - big door slam shut
vag_windloop    ../aiff/windloop.aifc    ; 5 - wind
vag_whoosh1     ../aiff/whoosh1.aifc     ; 6 - whoosh #1
vag_whoosh3     ../aiff/whoosh3.aifc     ; 7 - whoosh #3
vag_oooh        ../aiff/oooh.aifc        ; b - crowd: "Ooooo"
vag_bell        ../aiff/bell.aifc        ;SSP
vag_ncurs1      ../aiff/ncurs1.aifc      ; c - p1 cursor
vag_ncurs2      ../aiff/ncurs2.aifc      ; d - p2 cursor
vag_picked1     ../aiff/picked1.aifc     ; e - p1 picked
vag_picked2     ../aiff/picked2.aifc     ; f - p2 picked
vag_timeout1    ../aiff/timeout1.aifc    ; 17 - clock time down tik !!
vag_foot3       ../aiff/foot3.aifc       ; *18 - players feet landing on ground
vag_mrtlwhsh    ../aiff/mrtlwhsh.aifc    ; 19 - 1 player map zoom sound
vag_dftosty     ../aiff/dftosty.aifc     ; 1b - DF: toasty
vag_dfrosty     ../aiff/dfrosty.aifc     ; 1c - DF: frosty
vag_dfcrispy    ../aiff/dfcrispy.aifc    ; 1d - DF: crispy
vag_kanlasrl    ../aiff/kanlasr1.aifc    ; 1e - shock sound !!
vag_mfirebal    ../aiff/mfirebal.aifc    ; 1f - flame throw
vag_ignite      ../aiff/ignite.aifc      ; 20 - burning flames!!
vag_bones       ../aiff/bones.aifc       ; 21 - bones fall
;**************************************************************************
;    GENERAL SOUND EFFECTS    102,240
;**************************************************************************
vag_foot1       ../aiff/foot1.aifc       ; 5 - foot step #1
vag_foot2       ../aiff/foot2.aifc       ; 6 - foot step #2
;DUPvag_foot3       ../aiff/foot3.aifc       ; 7 - foot step #3
vag_foot4       ../aiff/foot4.aifc       ; 8 - foot step #4
vag_gudblock    ../aiff/gudblock.aifc    ; block a Major hit
vag_block1      ../aiff/block1.aifc      ; block
vag_gudhit1     ../aiff/gudhit1.aifc     ; 14 - face hit #2
;vag_newbig1     ../aiff/newbig1.aifc    ;SSP replaced by pitch shift
vag_newbig3     ../aiff/newbig3.aifc
;vag_newbig4     ../aiff/newbig4.aifc    ;SSP replaced by pitch shift
vag_roldbig1    ../aiff/roldbig1.aifc    ; 2 - Old big hit #1
;vag_roldbig2    ../aiff/roldbig2.aifc   ;SSP replaced by pitch shift
vag_rock1       ../aiff/rock1.aifc       ;      Rock #1
vag_rock2       ../aiff/rock2.aifc       ;      Rock #2
vag_rocks1      ../aiff/rocks1.aifc      ;      Rocks #1
vag_rocks2      ../aiff/rocks2.aifc      ;      Rocks #2
vag_rocks3      ../aiff/rocks3.aifc      ;      Rocks #3

;**************************************************************************
;    girl
;
;    SHEEVA
;    SONYA
;    SINDEL
;**************************************************************************

;**************************************************************************
;    male1
;
;    STRYKER
;    KABAL
;**************************************************************************

;**************************************************************************
;    male2
;
;    JAX
;    MOTARO ;SSP just for now...
;**************************************************************************

;**************************************************************************
;    male3
;
;    NIGHT WOLF
;    SHANG TSUNG
;    KANO
;**************************************************************************

;**************************************************************************
;    male4
;
;    SUBZERO
;    KUNG LAO
;**************************************************************************

;**************************************************************************
;    robo
;
;    CYRAX
;    SEKTOR
;**************************************************************************

;**************************************************************************
;    kang
;
;    LIU KANG
;**************************************************************************

vag_pbcycle     ../aiff/pbcycle.aifc     ;SSP
vag_hairthrw    ../aiff/hairthrw.aifc    ;SSP
vag_scrmtrp2    ../aiff/scrmtrp2.aifc    ;SSP
vag_fballhit    ../aiff/fballhit.aifc    ;SSP
vag_flying1     ../aiff/flying1.aifc     ;SSP

vag_pbdeath     ../aiff/pbdeath.aifc
vag_pbwast2     ../aiff/pbwast2.aifc
vag_pbrun       ../aiff/pbrun.aifc
vag_pbtrip      ../aiff/pbtrip.aifc
vag_pbface1     ../aiff/pbface1.aifc
vag_pbface2     ../aiff/pbface2.aifc
vag_pbatt1      ../aiff/pbatt1.aifc
vag_pbatt2      ../aiff/pbatt2.aifc
vag_pbjump      ../aiff/pbjump.aifc
vag_pbgrab      ../aiff/pbgrab.aifc
vag_pbthrow     ../aiff/pbthrow.aifc
vag_pbwast1     ../aiff/pbwast1.aifc

vag_vpdeath     ../aiff/vpdeath.aifc
vag_vpnotbut    ../aiff/vpnotbut.aifc
vag_vprun       ../aiff/vprun.aifc
vag_vpgrab      ../aiff/vpgrab.aifc
vag_vpface1     ../aiff/vpface1.aifc
vag_vpface2     ../aiff/vpface2.aifc
vag_vpatt1      ../aiff/vpatt1.aifc
vag_vpatt2      ../aiff/vpatt2.aifc
vag_vpjump      ../aiff/vpjump.aifc
vag_vpthrow     ../aiff/vpthrow.aifc
vag_vpwast1     ../aiff/vpwast1.aifc
vag_vpwast2     ../aiff/vpwast2.aifc

vag_dfdeath     ../aiff/dfdeath.aifc
vag_dfrun       ../aiff/dfrun.aifc
vag_dftrip      ../aiff/dftrip.aifc
vag_dfface1     ../aiff/dfface1.aifc
vag_dfface2     ../aiff/dfface2.aifc
vag_dfatt1      ../aiff/dfatt1.aifc
vag_dfatt2      ../aiff/dfatt2.aifc
vag_dfjump      ../aiff/dfjump.aifc
vag_dfgrab      ../aiff/dfgrab.aifc
vag_dfthrow     ../aiff/dfthrow.aifc
vag_dfwast1     ../aiff/dfwast1.aifc
vag_dfwast2     ../aiff/dfwast2.aifc
vag_dfklthro    ../aiff/dfklthro.aifc

vag_ebldeath    ../aiff/ebldeath.aifc
vag_ebshook     ../aiff/ebshook.aifc
vag_eblrun      ../aiff/eblrun.aifc
vag_ebtrip      ../aiff/ebtrip.aifc
vag_eblface1    ../aiff/eblface1.aifc
vag_eblface2    ../aiff/eblface2.aifc
vag_eblatt1     ../aiff/eblatt1.aifc
vag_ebljump     ../aiff/ebljump.aifc
vag_eblgrab     ../aiff/eblgrab.aifc
vag_eblthrow    ../aiff/eblthrow.aifc
vag_eblwast1    ../aiff/eblwast1.aifc
vag_eblwast2    ../aiff/eblwast2.aifc

vag_jhdeath     ../aiff/jhdeath.aifc
vag_jhrun       ../aiff/jhrun.aifc
vag_jhtrip      ../aiff/jhtrip.aifc
vag_jhface1     ../aiff/jhface1.aifc
vag_jhface2     ../aiff/jhface2.aifc
vag_jhatt1      ../aiff/jhatt1.aifc
vag_jhatt2      ../aiff/jhatt2.aifc
vag_jhjump      ../aiff/jhjump.aifc
vag_jhgrab      ../aiff/jhgrab.aifc
vag_jhthrow     ../aiff/jhthrow.aifc
vag_jhwast1     ../aiff/jhwast1.aifc
vag_jhwast2     ../aiff/jhwast2.aifc

vag_robtalk2    ../aiff/robtalk2.aifc
vag_robtalk3    ../aiff/robtalk3.aifc
vag_robtalk4    ../aiff/robtalk4.aifc
vag_netthrow    ../aiff/netthrow.aifc
vag_robball1    ../aiff/robball1.aifc
vag_robball2    ../aiff/robball2.aifc
vag_robxplod    ../aiff/robxplod.aifc
vag_robclik     ../aiff/robclik.aifc
vag_robowarn    ../aiff/robowarn.aifc
vag_robxpld2    ../aiff/robxpld2.aifc
vag_robimpld    ../aiff/robimpld.aifc
vag_robshk1     ../aiff/robshk1.aifc
vag_robshk3     ../aiff/robshk3.aifc
vag_robtalk1    ../aiff/robtalk1.aifc
vag_netblk      ../aiff/netblk.aifc
vag_robtalk5    ../aiff/robtalk5.aifc
vag_robshk2     ../aiff/robshk2.aifc
vag_robtele     ../aiff/robtele.aifc
vag_roboout     ../aiff/roboout.aifc
vag_robothrw    ../aiff/robothrw.aifc
vag_roboin      ../aiff/roboin.aifc
vag_robrock1    ../aiff/robrock1.aifc
vag_robrock2    ../aiff/robrock2.aifc

vag_lkdeath     ../aiff/lkdeath.aifc
vag_lkrun       ../aiff/lkrun.aifc
vag_lktrip      ../aiff/lktrip.aifc
vag_lkface1     ../aiff/lkface1.aifc
vag_lkface2     ../aiff/lkface2.aifc
vag_lkatt1      ../aiff/lkatt1.aifc
vag_lkatt2      ../aiff/lkatt2.aifc
vag_lkjump      ../aiff/lkjump.aifc
vag_lkgrab      ../aiff/lkgrab.aifc
vag_lkthrow     ../aiff/lkthrow.aifc
vag_lkwast1     ../aiff/lkwast1.aifc
vag_lkfball     ../aiff/lkfball.aifc
vag_lkcycle     ../aiff/lkcycle.aifc
vag_lkflyink    ../aiff/lkflyink.aifc
vag_lkflykck    ../aiff/lkflykck.aifc

vag_axhit       ../aiff/axhit.aifc
vag_sonyafly    ../aiff/sonyafly.aifc
;vag_fballhit    ../aiff/fballhit.aifc already in list above - SSP
vag_cabalgun    ../aiff/cabalgun.aifc
vag_hicwhsh     ../aiff/hicwhsh.aifc
vag_locwhsh     ../aiff/locwhsh.aifc
vag_shevtele    ../aiff/shevtele.aifc
vag_bigbslam    ../aiff/bigbslam.aifc
vag_forcehit    ../aiff/forcehit.aifc
vag_bappear     ../aiff/bappear.aifc
vag_barrow2     ../aiff/barrow2.aifc
vag_fireloop    ../aiff/fireloop.aifc
vag_arrowhit    ../aiff/arrowhit.aifc
vag_kanoax      ../aiff/kanoax.aifc
vag_crunch2     ../aiff/crunch2.aifc
vag_salrflc2    ../aiff/salrflc2.aifc
vag_salrush     ../aiff/salrush.aifc
vag_faxhit      ../aiff/faxhit.aifc
vag_litestrt    ../aiff/litestrt.aifc
vag_liteloop    ../aiff/liteloop.aifc
vag_liteend     ../aiff/liteend.aifc
vag_strtboom    ../aiff/strtboom.aifc
vag_strtbum2    ../aiff/strtbum2.aifc
vag_body1       ../aiff/body1.aifc
vag_body2       ../aiff/body2.aifc
vag_gudfall1    ../aiff/gudfall1.aifc
vag_gudfall2    ../aiff/gudfall2.aifc
vag_gudfall3    ../aiff/gudfall3.aifc
vag_gudfall4    ../aiff/gudfall4.aifc
;vag_whoosh2     ../aiff/whoosh2.aifc  ;SSP replaced by pitch shift
;vag_bwhoosh2    ../aiff/bwhoosh2.aifc ;SSP replaced by pitch shift
;vag_bwhoosh1    ../aiff/bwhoosh1.aifc ;SSP replaced by pitch shift
;vag_bwhoosh3    ../aiff/bwhoosh3.aifc ;SSP replaced by pitch shift
vag_jaxcann     ../aiff/jaxcann.aifc
vag_stfireup    ../aiff/stfireup.aifc
vag_sonforce    ../aiff/sonforce.aifc
vag_stmorph     ../aiff/stmorph.aifc
vag_rockhit     ../aiff/rockhit.aifc
vag_jaxrush     ../aiff/jaxrush.aifc
vag_jaxhitg     ../aiff/jaxhitg.aifc
vag_skfinhim    ../aiff/skfinhim.aifc
vag_skfinher    ../aiff/skfinher.aifc

;Character names

vag_skkano      ../names/skkano.aifc
vag_sksonya     ../names/sksonya.aifc
vag_skjax       ../names/skjax.aifc
vag_sknitwlf    ../names/sknitwlf.aifc
vag_sksubz      ../names/sksubz.aifc
vag_skstrkr2    ../names/skstrkr2.aifc
vag_sksindel    ../names/sksindel.aifc
vag_sksector    ../names/sksector.aifc
vag_skcyrax     ../names/skcyrax.aifc
vag_skknglao    ../names/skknglao.aifc
vag_skcabal     ../names/skcabal.aifc
vag_sksheeva    ../names/sksheeva.aifc
vag_skshang     ../names/skshang.aifc
vag_skliukng    ../names/skliukng.aifc
vag_skmotaro    ../names/skmotaro.aifc
vag_sksmoke     ../names/sksmoke.aifc
vag_kitana  	../names/kitana.aifc  
vag_jade    	../names/jade.aifc    
vag_malena  	../names/malena.aifc  
vag_scorpion	../names/scorpion.aifc
vag_reptile 	../names/reptile.aifc 
vag_skermac 	../names/skermac.aifc 
vag_skrain 	../names/skrain.aifc 
vag_sknoob 	../names/sknoob.aifc 
vag_baraka 	../names/baraka.aifc 
vag_raiden 	../names/raiden.aifc 
vag_skwins1     ../names/skwins1.aifc
vag_skshomcy    ../names/skshomcy.aifc

vag_skflawls    ../aiff/skflawls.aifc
vag_skfatal     ../aiff/skfatal.aifc
vag_skanimal    ../aiff/skanimal.aifc
vag_skbabal     ../aiff/skbabal.aifc
vag_skcrispy    ../aiff/skcrispy.aifc
vag_skfrost     ../aiff/skfrost.aifc
vag_skfrend1    ../aiff/skfrend1.aifc
vag_skfrend2    ../aiff/skfrend2.aifc
vag_skagain     ../aiff/skagain.aifc
;vag_sktoasth    ../aiff/sktoasth.aifc    ;SSP 6b - Shao Kahn: Toasty High
vag_sktoastl    ../aiff/sktoastl.aifc
vag_skohmaw     ../aiff/skohmaw.aifc
vag_sksuperb    ../aiff/sksuperb.aifc
vag_skweldon    ../aiff/skweldon.aifc
vag_skiwin      ../aiff2/skiwin.aifc
vag_skrndone    ../aiff/skrndone.aifc
vag_sktwo       ../aiff/sktwo.aifc
vag_skthree     ../aiff/skthree.aifc
vag_skfour      ../aiff/skfour.aifc
vag_skfite4     ../aiff/skfite4.aifc
;vag_sklaff1     ../aiff/sklaff1.aifc
vag_sklaff2     ../aiff/sklaff2.aifc
;vag_sklaff3     ../aiff/sklaff3.aifc
vag_skexelnt    ../aiff/skexelnt.aifc
vag_sknvrwin    ../aiff/sknvrwin.aifc
vag_skoutstd    ../aiff/skoutstd.aifc
vag_sziceup     ../aiff/sziceup.aifc
vag_szicedwn    ../aiff/szicedwn.aifc
vag_icehit      ../aiff/icehit.aifc
vag_subzturd    ../aiff/subzturd.aifc
vag_szifrz      ../aiff/szifrz.aifc
vag_szslide     ../aiff/szslide.aifc
vag_kanoknif    ../aiff/kanoknif.aifc
vag_newstab2    ../aiff/newstab2.aifc
vag_kanoball    ../aiff/kanoball.aifc
vag_storb       ../aiff/storb.aifc
vag_kanlasr1    ../aiff/kanlasr1.aifc
vag_centaur1    ../aiff/centaur1.aifc
vag_centaur2    ../aiff/centaur2.aifc
vag_hboss1      ../aiff/hboss1.aifc
vag_hhit1       ../aiff/hhit1.aifc
vag_hhit2       ../aiff/hhit2.aifc
vag_kungthrw    ../aiff/kungthrw.aifc
vag_sawhit      ../aiff/sawhit.aifc
vag_strkgren    ../aiff/strkgren.aifc
vag_strklung    ../aiff/strklung.aifc
vag_sonbike     ../aiff/sonbike.aifc
vag_strkthro    ../aiff/strkthro.aifc

;new sounds

vag_amdeath    ../aiff/amdeath.aifc
vag_amrun      ../aiff/amrun.aifc
vag_amtrip     ../aiff/amtrip.aifc
vag_ambody2    ../aiff/ambody2.aifc
vag_amface1    ../aiff/amface1.aifc
vag_amface2    ../aiff/amface2.aifc
vag_skreact1   ../aiff/skreact1.aifc
vag_skreact2   ../aiff/skreact2.aifc
vag_skreact3   ../aiff/skreact3.aifc
vag_amatt1     ../aiff/amatt1.aifc
vag_amatt2     ../aiff/amatt2.aifc
vag_amjump     ../aiff/amjump.aifc
vag_skatt1     ../aiff/skatt1.aifc
vag_skatt2     ../aiff/skatt2.aifc
vag_amgrab     ../aiff/amgrab.aifc
vag_amthrow    ../aiff/amthrow.aifc
vag_lkwast2    ../aiff/lkwast2.aifc
vag_amwast1    ../aiff/amwast1.aifc
;vag_amwast2    ../aiff/amwast2.aifc
vag_skwast1    ../aiff/skwast1.aifc
vag_skwast2    ../aiff/skwast2.aifc
vag_splish1    ../aiff/splish1.aifc
vag_splish2    ../aiff/splish2.aifc
vag_splish3   ../aiff/splish3.aifc
vag_stab1      ../aiff/stab1.aifc
vag_bigstab1   ../aiff/bigstab1.aifc
vag_bigstab2   ../aiff/bigstab2.aifc
vag_bigstab3  ../aiff/bigstab3.aifc
vag_jaxgotch   ../aiff/jaxgotch.aifc
vag_crunch1    ../aiff/crunch1.aifc
vag_whistle    ../aiff/whistle.aifc
vag_pbfun      ../aiff/pbfun.aifc
vag_robpres1   ../aiff/robpres1.aifc
vag_robpres2   ../aiff/robpres2.aifc
vag_bodsmsh1   ../aiff/bodsmsh1.aifc
vag_scorthr1   ../aiff/scorthr1.aifc
vag_beep1      ../aiff/beep1.aifc
vag_compfx1    ../aiff/compfx1.aifc
vag_roblaff    ../aiff/roblaff.aifc
vag_bird       ../aiff/bird.aifc
vag_slide      ../aiff/slide.aifc
vag_horn       ../aiff/horn.aifc
vag_quake1     ../aiff/quake1.aifc
vag_bubble1    ../aiff/bubble1.aifc
vag_headgrow   ../aiff/headgrow.aifc
vag_cblscrm    ../aiff/cblscrm.aifc
vag_whirl1     ../aiff/whirl1.aifc
vag_swords     ../aiff/swords.aifc
vag_stcloud1   ../aiff/stcloud1.aifc
vag_flmorph    ../aiff/flmorph.aifc
vag_mhit1      ../aiff/mhit1.aifc
vag_mhit2      ../aiff/mhit2.aifc
vag_skpathet   ../aiff/skpathet.aifc
vag_sktrying   ../aiff/sktrying.aifc
vag_skdntlaf   ../aiff/skdntlaf.aifc

vag_machmix    ../aiff/machmix.aifc  ;new
vag_kneebrk    ../aiff/kneebrk.aifc  ;new
vag_hissmix    ../aiff/hissmix.aifc  ;new
vag_maul       ../aiff/maul.aifc     ;new
vag_skdestin   ../aiff/skdestin.aifc ;new
vag_mercyhit   ../aiff/mercyhit.aifc ;new
vag_spinerip   ../aiff/spinerip.aifc ;new
vag_attrct2a   ../aiff/attrct2a.aifc ;new
vag_subway4    ../aiff/subway4.aifc  ;new
vag_subway2    ../aiff/subway2.aifc  ;new
vag_subway3    ../aiff/subway3.aifc  ;new
vag_skdiemix   ../aiff/skdiemix.aifc ;new
vag_dogyip     ../aiff/dogyip.aifc   ;new
vag_dogwhine   ../aiff/dogwhine.aifc ;new
vag_baby1      ../aiff/baby1.aifc    ;new
vag_danger     ../aiff/danger.aifc   ;new
vag_skyousuk   ../aiff/skyousuk.aifc ;new
vag_anmlroar   ../aiff/anmlroar.aifc ;new
;vag_winstone   ../aiff/fatal2.aifc   ;new
vag_wagon      ../aiff/wagon.aifc    ;new
;vag_fstart     ../aiff/fatal12.aifc   ;new
vag_mrtlsans   ../aiff/mrtlsans.aifc  ;new
;vag_mrtlsans   ../aiff/mrtlsans.aifc  ;new
;new umk3 shit
vag_smokwhsh	../aiff2/smokwhsh.aifc
vag_scorcome	../aiff2/scorcome.aifc
vag_scorget 	../aiff2/scorget.aifc 
vag_blcrnch2	../aiff2/blcrnch2.aifc
;vag_bigstab 	../aiff2/bigstab.aifc 
vag_scormask	../aiff2/scormask.aifc
vag_bigboom 	../aiff/bigboom.aifc 
vag_reptproj	../aiff2/reptproj.aifc
vag_robsprk9	../aiff2/robsprk9.aifc
vag_reporb41	../aiff2/reporb41.aifc
vag_n1thrfan	../aiff2/n1thrfan.aifc
vag_nfanhit 	../aiff2/nfanhit.aifc 
vag_girlshrt	../aiff2/girlshrt.aifc
vag_jadekck 	../aiff2/jadekck.aifc 
vag_throtsai	../aiff2/throtsai.aifc
vag_jadeflck	../aiff2/jadeflck.aifc

vag_bldcrnch	../aiff2/bldcrnch.aifc
vag_kiss    	../aiff2/kiss.aifc    
vag_treeroar	../aiff2/treeroar.aifc
vag_splash  	../aiff2/splash.aifc  
vag_bubble  	../aiff2/bubble.aifc  
vag_ohmaw   	../aiff2/dfohmaw.aifc   
vag_vsprk1  	../aiff2/vsprk1.aifc  
vag_vsprk2  	../aiff2/vsprk2.aifc  
;vag_lksping 	../aiff2/lksping.aifc 
;vag_lkreact1	../aiff2/lkreact1.aifc
;vag_lkreact2	../aiff2/lkreact2.aifc

vag_knifejec	../aiff3/knifejec.aifc
vag_knifplng	../aiff3/knifplng.aifc
vag_barthrow	../aiff3/barthrow.aifc
vag_raidkill	../aiff3/raidkill.aifc
vag_sprkthro	../aiff3/sprkthro.aifc
vag_rtele   	../aiff3/rtele.aifc   
vag_rgetup  	../aiff3/rgetup.aifc  
vag_rdive   	../aiff3/rdive.aifc   
vag_gib1    	../aiff3/gib1.aifc    
vag_gib2    	../aiff3/gib2.aifc    
vag_gib3    	../aiff3/gib3.aifc    
vag_gib4    	../aiff3/gib4.aifc    
vag_rsmak   	../aiff3/rsmak.aifc   
vag_lightng 	../aiff3/lightng.aifc 
vag_rsprkstr 	../aiff3/rsprkstr.aifc 
vag_rspark1 	../aiff3/rspark1.aifc 
vag_rsprkend 	../aiff3/rsprkend.aifc 
vag_cagekck1  	../aiff4/cagekck1.aifc
vag_cagekck2  	../aiff4/cagekck2.aifc
vag_cagekiss  	../aiff4/cagekiss.aifc
vag_snotup    	../aiff4/snotup.aifc
vag_snothit   	../aiff4/snothit.aifc
vag_joncage   	../aiff4/joncage.aifc
vag_skteam    	../aiff4/skteam.aifc
vag_skbrute   	../aiff4/skbrute.aifc
vag_skcham    	../aiff4/skcham.aifc
vag_screenfl  	../aiff4/screenfl.aifc
vag_screenin  	../aiff4/screen3.aifc
vag_aggresor  	../aiff4/aggresor.aifc
vag_skone  	../aiff4/skone.aifc
vag_frog  	../aiff4/frog6k.aifc
;************************************************************************
[NUMBER_OF_DRUMMAPS]
0
[DRUMMAP_DEFINITIONS]
[EXTRA_DATA_DEFINITIONS]
[SEQUENCE_DEFINITIONS]
;final cage stuff
ST_JC_KISS	MAKE_SEQ pat_cagekiss  SFX
ST_JC_KICK	MAKE_SEQ pat_cagekck1  SFX
ST_JC_SNOT_HIT  MAKE_SEQ pat_snothit   SFX
ST_JC_SNOT_BLK  MAKE_SEQ pat_snothit   SFX
ST_JC_SELBOW    MAKE_SEQ pat_cagekck2  SFX
TS_JOHNCAGE     MAKE_SEQ pat_joncage   SFX
TS_SKBRUTE  	MAKE_SEQ pat_skbrute   SFX
TS_SKCHAM   	MAKE_SEQ pat_skcham    SFX
TS_SCREENFL 	MAKE_SEQ pat_screenfl  SFX
TS_SCREENIN 	MAKE_SEQ pat_screenin  SFX
TS_AGGRESOR 	MAKE_SEQ pat_aggresor  SFX
TS_FROG 	MAKE_SEQ pat_frog      SFX
 

;gs_death
GS_DEATH_GIRL   MAKE_SEQ pat_pbdeath   SFX
GS_DEATH_VP     MAKE_SEQ pat_vpdeath   SFX
GS_DEATH_DF     MAKE_SEQ pat_dfdeath   SFX
GS_DEATH_EB     MAKE_SEQ pat_jhdeath   SFX
GS_DEATH_JH     MAKE_SEQ pat_ebldeath  SFX
GS_DEATH_ROBO   MAKE_SEQ pat_jhdeath   SFX
GS_DEATH_KANG   MAKE_SEQ pat_lkdeath   SFX
GS_DEATH_SG     MAKE_SEQ pat_amdeath   SFX ;new
GS_DEATH_SK     MAKE_SEQ pat_skwast2   SFX ;new

;gs_shook
GS_SHOOK_GIRL   MAKE_SEQ pat_pbwast1   SFX ;SSP pbwast2
GS_SHOOK_VP     MAKE_SEQ pat_vpnotbut  SFX
GS_SHOOK_DF     MAKE_SEQ pat_vpnotbut  SFX
GS_SHOOK_EB     MAKE_SEQ pat_ebshook   SFX
GS_SHOOK_JH     MAKE_SEQ pat_ebshook   SFX
GS_SHOOK_ROBO   MAKE_SEQ pat_robtalk5  SFX
GS_SHOOK_KANG   MAKE_SEQ pat_lkrun     SFX
GS_SHOOK_SG     MAKE_SEQ pat_amwast1   SFX ;new
GS_SHOOK_SK     MAKE_SEQ pat_skwast1   SFX ;new

;gs_run
GS_RUN_GIRL     MAKE_SEQ pat_pbrun     SFX
GS_RUN_VP       MAKE_SEQ pat_vprun     SFX
GS_RUN_DF       MAKE_SEQ pat_dfrun     SFX
GS_RUN_EB       MAKE_SEQ pat_eblrun    SFX
GS_RUN_JH       MAKE_SEQ pat_jhrun     SFX
GS_RUN_ROBO     MAKE_SEQ pat_robtalk5  SFX
GS_RUN_KANG     MAKE_SEQ pat_lkrun     SFX
GS_RUN_SG       MAKE_SEQ pat_amrun     SFX ;new
GS_RUN_SK       MAKE_SEQ pat_amrun     SFX ;new

;gs_tripped_voice
GS_TV_GIRL      MAKE_SEQ pat_pbtrip    SFX
GS_TV_VP        MAKE_SEQ pat_vpgrab    SFX
GS_TV_DF        MAKE_SEQ pat_dftrip    SFX
GS_TV_EB        MAKE_SEQ pat_ebtrip    SFX
GS_TV_JH        MAKE_SEQ pat_jhtrip    SFX
;NOT CALLED GS_TV_ROBO      MAKE_SEQ pat_jhtrip SFX ;fake
GS_TV_KANG      MAKE_SEQ pat_lktrip    SFX
GS_TV_SG        MAKE_SEQ pat_amtrip    SFX ;new
GS_TV_SK        MAKE_SEQ pat_skreact1  SFX ;new

;gs_face_hit_voice
GS_FHV_GIRL1    MAKE_SEQ pat_pbface1   SFX
GS_FHV_GIRL2    MAKE_SEQ pat_pbface2   SFX
GS_FHV_GIRL3    MAKE_SEQ pat_pbface2   SFX
GS_FHV_VP1      MAKE_SEQ pat_vpface1   SFX
GS_FHV_VP2      MAKE_SEQ pat_vpface1   SFX
GS_FHV_VP3      MAKE_SEQ pat_vpface2   SFX
GS_FHV_DF1      MAKE_SEQ pat_dfface1   SFX
GS_FHV_DF2      MAKE_SEQ pat_dfface1   SFX
GS_FHV_DF3      MAKE_SEQ pat_dfface2   SFX
GS_FHV_EB1      MAKE_SEQ pat_eblface1  SFX
GS_FHV_EB2      MAKE_SEQ pat_eblface2  SFX
GS_FHV_EB3      MAKE_SEQ pat_eblface2  SFX
GS_FHV_JH1      MAKE_SEQ pat_jhface1   SFX
GS_FHV_JH2      MAKE_SEQ pat_jhface1   SFX ;SSP pat_jhface2
GS_FHV_JH3      MAKE_SEQ pat_jhface1   SFX
GS_FHV_ROBO1    MAKE_SEQ pat_robshk2   SFX
GS_FHV_ROBO2    MAKE_SEQ pat_robshk2   SFX
GS_FHV_ROBO3    MAKE_SEQ pat_robshk3   SFX
GS_FHV_KANG1    MAKE_SEQ pat_lkface1   SFX
GS_FHV_KANG2    MAKE_SEQ pat_lkface1   SFX
GS_FHV_KANG3    MAKE_SEQ pat_lkface2   SFX
GS_FHV_SG1      MAKE_SEQ pat_amface1   SFX ;new
GS_FHV_SG2      MAKE_SEQ pat_ambody2   SFX ;new
GS_FHV_SG3      MAKE_SEQ pat_amface2   SFX ;new
GS_FHV_SK1      MAKE_SEQ pat_skreact1  SFX ;new
GS_FHV_SK2      MAKE_SEQ pat_skreact2  SFX ;new
GS_FHV_SK3      MAKE_SEQ pat_skreact3  SFX ;new

;gs_attack
GS_ATK_GIRL1    MAKE_SEQ pat_pbatt1    SFX
GS_ATK_GIRL2    MAKE_SEQ pat_pbatt2    SFX
GS_ATK_VP1      MAKE_SEQ pat_vpatt1    SFX
GS_ATK_VP2      MAKE_SEQ pat_vpatt2    SFX
GS_ATK_DF1      MAKE_SEQ pat_dfatt1    SFX
GS_ATK_DF2      MAKE_SEQ pat_dfatt2    SFX
GS_ATK_EB1      MAKE_SEQ pat_eblatt1   SFX
GS_ATK_EB2      MAKE_SEQ pat_eblatt1   SFX
GS_ATK_JH1      MAKE_SEQ pat_jhatt1    SFX
GS_ATK_JH2      MAKE_SEQ pat_jhatt2    SFX
;NOT CALLED GS_ATK_ROBO1    MAKE_SEQ pat_jhatt1 SFX ;fake
;NOT CALLED GS_ATK_ROBO2    MAKE_SEQ pat_jhatt2 SFX ;fake
GS_ATK_KANG1    MAKE_SEQ pat_lkatt1    SFX
GS_ATK_KANG2    MAKE_SEQ pat_lkatt2    SFX
GS_ATK_SG1      MAKE_SEQ pat_amatt1    SFX ;new
GS_ATK_SG2      MAKE_SEQ pat_amatt2    SFX ;new
GS_ATK_SK1      MAKE_SEQ pat_skatt1    SFX ;new
GS_ATK_SK2      MAKE_SEQ pat_skatt2    SFX ;new

;gs_jump
GS_JUMP_GIRL    MAKE_SEQ pat_pbjump    SFX
GS_JUMP_VP      MAKE_SEQ pat_vpjump    SFX
GS_JUMP_DF      MAKE_SEQ pat_dfjump    SFX
GS_JUMP_EB      MAKE_SEQ pat_ebljump   SFX
GS_JUMP_JH      MAKE_SEQ pat_jhjump    SFX
;NOT CALLED GS_JUMP_ROBO    MAKE_SEQ pat_jhjump SFX ;fake
GS_JUMP_KANG    MAKE_SEQ pat_lkjump    SFX
GS_JUMP_SG      MAKE_SEQ pat_amjump    SFX ;new
GS_JUMP_SK      MAKE_SEQ pat_skatt2    SFX ;new

;gs_grab
GS_GRAB_GIRL    MAKE_SEQ pat_pbgrab    SFX
GS_GRAB_VP      MAKE_SEQ pat_vpgrab    SFX
GS_GRAB_DF      MAKE_SEQ pat_dfgrab    SFX
GS_GRAB_EB      MAKE_SEQ pat_eblgrab   SFX
GS_GRAB_JH      MAKE_SEQ pat_jhgrab    SFX
GS_GRAB_ROBO    MAKE_SEQ pat_robtalk2  SFX
GS_GRAB_KANG    MAKE_SEQ pat_lkgrab    SFX
GS_GRAB_SG      MAKE_SEQ pat_amgrab    SFX ;new
GS_GRAB_SK      MAKE_SEQ pat_skatt1    SFX ;new

;gs_slam
GS_SLAM_GIRL    MAKE_SEQ pat_pbthrow   SFX
GS_SLAM_VP      MAKE_SEQ pat_vpthrow   SFX
GS_SLAM_DF      MAKE_SEQ pat_dfthrow   SFX
GS_SLAM_EB      MAKE_SEQ pat_eblthrow  SFX
GS_SLAM_JH      MAKE_SEQ pat_jhthrow   SFX
GS_SLAM_ROBO    MAKE_SEQ pat_robtalk1  SFX
GS_SLAM_KANG    MAKE_SEQ pat_lkthrow   SFX
GS_SLAM_SG      MAKE_SEQ pat_amthrow   SFX ;new
GS_SLAM_SK      MAKE_SEQ pat_skatt1    SFX ;new

;gs_wasteed
GS_WST_GIRL1    MAKE_SEQ pat_pbwast1   SFX
GS_WST_GIRL2    MAKE_SEQ pat_pbwast1   SFX ;SSP pbwast2
GS_WST_VP1      MAKE_SEQ pat_vpwast2   SFX ;SSP vpwast1
GS_WST_VP2      MAKE_SEQ pat_vpwast2   SFX
GS_WST_DF1      MAKE_SEQ pat_dfwast2   SFX ;SSP dfwast1
GS_WST_DF2      MAKE_SEQ pat_dfwast2   SFX
GS_WST_EB1      MAKE_SEQ pat_eblwast1  SFX
GS_WST_EB2      MAKE_SEQ pat_eblwast2  SFX
GS_WST_JH1      MAKE_SEQ pat_jhwast1   SFX
GS_WST_JH2      MAKE_SEQ pat_jhwast2   SFX
GS_WST_ROBO1    MAKE_SEQ pat_robtalk1  SFX
GS_WST_ROBO2    MAKE_SEQ pat_robtalk4  SFX
GS_WST_KANG1    MAKE_SEQ pat_lkwast1   SFX
GS_WST_KANG2    MAKE_SEQ pat_lkwast2   SFX ;new
GS_WST_SG1      MAKE_SEQ pat_amwast1   SFX ;new
GS_WST_SG2      MAKE_SEQ pat_amwast2   SFX ;new
GS_WST_SK1      MAKE_SEQ pat_skwast1   SFX ;new
GS_WST_SK2      MAKE_SEQ pat_skwast2   SFX ;new

;rsnd_enemy_boom
RSND_EBOOM1     MAKE_SEQ pat_fballhit  SFX
RSND_EBOOM2     MAKE_SEQ pat_robxplod  SFX
RSND_EBOOM3     MAKE_SEQ pat_jaxcann   SFX

;rsnd_splish
RSND_SPLISH1    MAKE_SEQ pat_splish1   SFX ;new
RSND_SPLISH2    MAKE_SEQ pat_splish2   SFX ;new
RSND_SPLISH3    MAKE_SEQ pat_splish2   SFX ;SSP splish3  ;new

;rsnd_stab
RSND_STAB1      MAKE_SEQ pat_stab1     SFX ;new
RSND_STAB2      MAKE_SEQ pat_bigstab1  SFX ;new
RSND_STAB3      MAKE_SEQ pat_stab1     SFX ;SSP bigstab2 ;new
RSND_STAB4      MAKE_SEQ pat_bigstab1  SFX ;SSP bigstab3 ;new

;rsnd_footstep
RSND_FS1        MAKE_SEQ pat_foot1     SFX
RSND_FS2        MAKE_SEQ pat_foot2     SFX
RSND_FS3        MAKE_SEQ pat_foot3     SFX
RSND_FS4        MAKE_SEQ pat_foot4     SFX

;rsnd_big_block
RSND_BB1        MAKE_SEQ pat_gudblock  SFX
RSND_BB2        MAKE_SEQ pat_gudblock  SFX

;rsnd_small_block
RSND_SB1        MAKE_SEQ pat_block1    SFX
RSND_SB2        MAKE_SEQ pat_block1    SFX

;rsnd_smack
RSND_SM1        MAKE_SEQ pat_gudhit1   SFX
RSND_SM2        MAKE_SEQ pat_gudhit1   SFX

;rsnd_med_smack
RSND_MSM1       MAKE_SEQ pat_newbig1   SFX
RSND_MSM2       MAKE_SEQ pat_newbig3   SFX
RSND_MSM3       MAKE_SEQ pat_newbig3   SFX
RSND_MSM4       MAKE_SEQ pat_newbig4   SFX

;rsnd_klang
RSND_KLANG1     MAKE_SEQ pat_mhit1     SFX ;new
RSND_KLANG2     MAKE_SEQ pat_mhit2     SFX ;new

;rsnd_big_smack
RSND_BSM1       MAKE_SEQ pat_roldbig1  SFX
RSND_BSM2       MAKE_SEQ pat_roldbig2  SFX

;rsnd_rocks
RSND_ROCK1      MAKE_SEQ pat_rock1     SFX
RSND_ROCK2      MAKE_SEQ pat_rock2     SFX
RSND_ROCK3      MAKE_SEQ pat_rock2     SFX ;SSP rocks1
RSND_ROCK4      MAKE_SEQ pat_rocks3    SFX ;SSP rocks2
RSND_ROCK5      MAKE_SEQ pat_rocks3    SFX

;rsnd_body_hit
RSND_BHT1       MAKE_SEQ pat_body1     SFX
RSND_BHT2       MAKE_SEQ pat_body2     SFX

;rsnd_ground
RSND_GND1       MAKE_SEQ pat_gudfall2  SFX ;SSP gudfall1
RSND_GND2       MAKE_SEQ pat_gudfall2  SFX
RSND_GND3       MAKE_SEQ pat_gudfall4  SFX ;SSP gudfall3
RSND_GND4       MAKE_SEQ pat_gudfall4  SFX

;rsnd_whoosh
RSND_WHSH1      MAKE_SEQ pat_whoosh1   SFX
RSND_WHSH2      MAKE_SEQ pat_whoosh2   SFX
RSND_WHSH3      MAKE_SEQ pat_whoosh3   SFX
RSND_WHSH4      MAKE_SEQ pat_bwhoosh2  SFX

;rsnd_big_whoosh
RSND_BWHSH1     MAKE_SEQ pat_bwhoosh1  SFX
RSND_BWHSH2     MAKE_SEQ pat_bwhoosh3  SFX

;st_kano
ST_KANO_AX             MAKE_SEQ pat_kanoax    SFX
ST_KANO_SKNIFE         MAKE_SEQ pat_kanoknif  SFX
ST_KANO_SKNIFE_HIT     MAKE_SEQ pat_newstab2  SFX
ST_KANO_SKNIFE_BLK     MAKE_SEQ pat_newstab2  SFX
ST_KANO_BALL           MAKE_SEQ pat_kanoball  SFX

;fatal_kano
FT_KANO_LASER          MAKE_SEQ pat_storb     SFX
FT_KANO_LASER_BURN     MAKE_SEQ pat_kanlasr1  SFX
FT_KANO_SKELETON_RIP   MAKE_SEQ pat_crunch2   SFX
FT_KANO_SKIN_FALL      MAKE_SEQ pat_gudfall4  SFX

;st_sonya
ST_SONYA_RINGS         MAKE_SEQ pat_sonforce  SFX
ST_SONYA_RINGS_HIT     MAKE_SEQ pat_forcehit  SFX
ST_SONYA_RINGS_BLK     MAKE_SEQ pat_forcehit  SFX
ST_SONYA_BIKE          MAKE_SEQ pat_sonbike   SFX
ST_SONYA_FLY           MAKE_SEQ pat_sonyafly  SFX
ST_SONYA_BIKE_VOICE    MAKE_SEQ pat_pbcycle   SFX

;fatal_sonya
FT_SONYA_BLOW_KISS     MAKE_SEQ pat_mfirebal  SFX
FT_SONYA_QUAKE         MAKE_SEQ pat_quake1    SFX ;new

;st_jax
ST_JAX_CANNON          MAKE_SEQ pat_jaxcann   SFX
ST_JAX_ZAP_HIT         MAKE_SEQ pat_rockhit   SFX
ST_JAX_ZAP_BLK         MAKE_SEQ pat_rockhit   SFX
ST_JAX_BLURR           MAKE_SEQ pat_jaxrush   SFX
ST_JAX_GROUND          MAKE_SEQ pat_jaxhitg   SFX
ST_JAX_SLAM            MAKE_SEQ pat_bigbslam  SFX
ST_JAX_GOTCHA          MAKE_SEQ pat_jaxgotch  SFX ;new
ST_JAX_BREAK           MAKE_SEQ pat_crunch2   SFX ;new
TS_KLANG1              MAKE_SEQ pat_mhit1     SFX ;new

;fatal_jax
FT_JAX_ARM_MORPH       MAKE_SEQ pat_stmorph   SFX
FT_JAX_CRUNCH1         MAKE_SEQ pat_crunch1   SFX ;new
FT_JAX_CRUNCH2         MAKE_SEQ pat_crunch2   SFX
FT_JAX_QUAKE           MAKE_SEQ pat_quake1    SFX ;new

;st_subzero
ST_SZ_ICE_UP           MAKE_SEQ pat_sziceup   SFX
ST_SZ_ICE_DOWN         MAKE_SEQ pat_szicedwn  SFX
ST_SZ_ICE_HIT          MAKE_SEQ pat_icehit    SFX
ST_SZ_ICE_BLOCK        MAKE_SEQ pat_icehit    SFX
ST_SZ_ICE_HIT2         MAKE_SEQ pat_subzturd  SFX
ST_SZ_ICE_DECOY        MAKE_SEQ pat_szifrz    SFX
ST_SZ_SLIDE            MAKE_SEQ pat_szslide   SFX

;fatal_subzero
FT_SZ_BLOW             MAKE_SEQ pat_mfirebal  SFX
FT_SZ_FROZE            MAKE_SEQ pat_robpres2  SFX ;new

;st_swat
ST_SWAT_BOMB_EXP       MAKE_SEQ pat_robxplod  SFX
ST_SWAT_BOMB_THROW     MAKE_SEQ pat_strkgren  SFX
ST_SWAT_ZOOM           MAKE_SEQ pat_strklung  SFX
ST_SWAT_STICK          MAKE_SEQ pat_sonbike   SFX
ST_SWAT_ZOOM_THROW     MAKE_SEQ pat_strkthro  SFX
ST_SWAT_BANG           MAKE_SEQ pat_block1    SFX

;fatal_swat
FT_SWAT_TASER          MAKE_SEQ pat_kanlasrl  SFX
FT_SWAT_TASER_FIRE     MAKE_SEQ pat_robxpld2  SFX
FT_SWAT_WHISTLE        MAKE_SEQ pat_whistle   SFX ;new
FT_SWAT_WAGON          MAKE_SEQ pat_wagon     SFX ;new

;st_indian
ST_IND_ARROW_APPEAR    MAKE_SEQ pat_bappear   SFX
ST_IND_ARROW_FIRE      MAKE_SEQ pat_barrow2   SFX
ST_IND_BURN_AXE        MAKE_SEQ pat_fireloop  SFX
ST_IND_ARROW_HIT       MAKE_SEQ pat_arrowhit  SFX
ST_IND_ARROW_BLK       MAKE_SEQ pat_arrowhit  SFX
ST_IND_AXE_UP          MAKE_SEQ pat_kanoax    SFX
ST_IND_KNEE_BREAK      MAKE_SEQ pat_crunch2   SFX
ST_IND_REFLECT         MAKE_SEQ pat_salrflc2  SFX
ST_IND_SHADOW_SHLD     MAKE_SEQ pat_salrush   SFX
ST_IND_AXE_HIT         MAKE_SEQ pat_faxhit    SFX

;fatal_indian
FT_IND_LIGHT_START     MAKE_SEQ pat_litestrt  SFX
FT_IND_LIGHT_LOOP      MAKE_SEQ pat_liteloop  SFX
FT_IND_LIGHT_END       MAKE_SEQ pat_liteend   SFX
FT_IND_LIGHT_HIT_AXE   MAKE_SEQ pat_strtboom  SFX
FT_IND_LIGHT_HIT_HIM   MAKE_SEQ pat_strtbum2  SFX

;st_lia
ST_LIA_HAIR            MAKE_SEQ pat_hairthrw  SFX
ST_LIA_SCREAM          MAKE_SEQ pat_scrmtrp2  SFX
ST_LIA_FIREBALL        MAKE_SEQ pat_mfirebal  SFX
ST_LIA_FIREBALL_HIT    MAKE_SEQ pat_fballhit  SFX
ST_LIA_FIREBALL_BLOCK  MAKE_SEQ pat_fballhit  SFX
ST_LIA_FLY_UP          MAKE_SEQ pat_flying1   SFX
ST_LIA_FLY_ACROSS      MAKE_SEQ pat_flying1   SFX ;fake

;fatal_lia
FT_LIA_HAIR            MAKE_SEQ pat_whirl1    SFX ;new
FT_LIA_QUAKE           MAKE_SEQ pat_quake1    SFX ;new
FT_LIA_TWFUN           MAKE_SEQ pat_pbfun     SFX ;new

;st_robo
ST_ROBO_ARM_OUT        MAKE_SEQ pat_roboout   SFX
ST_ROBO_ARM_THROW      MAKE_SEQ pat_robothrw  SFX
ST_ROBO_ARM_IN         MAKE_SEQ pat_roboin    SFX
ST_ROBO_FAST_ROCKET    MAKE_SEQ pat_robrock1  SFX
ST_ROBO_CRUISE_ROCKET  MAKE_SEQ pat_robrock2  SFX
ST_ROBO_NET            MAKE_SEQ pat_netthrow  SFX
ST_ROBO_ZAP_HIT        MAKE_SEQ pat_rockhit   SFX
ST_ROBO_DROP           MAKE_SEQ pat_robtele   SFX
ST_ROBO_CLANG1         MAKE_SEQ pat_robball1  SFX
ST_ROBO_CLANG2         MAKE_SEQ pat_robball2  SFX
ST_ROBO_BALL_BOOM      MAKE_SEQ pat_robxplod  SFX
ST_ROBO_CHEST_OPEN     MAKE_SEQ pat_robclik   SFX
ST_ROBO_TARGET         MAKE_SEQ pat_robowarn  SFX
ST_ROBO_EXPLODE        MAKE_SEQ pat_robxpld2  SFX
ST_ROBO_IMPLODE        MAKE_SEQ pat_robimpld  SFX
ST_ROBO_SPARK1         MAKE_SEQ pat_robshk1   SFX
ST_ROBO_SPARK2         MAKE_SEQ pat_robshk2   SFX
ST_ROBO_SPARK3         MAKE_SEQ pat_robshk3   SFX
ST_ROBO_SPEECH1        MAKE_SEQ pat_robtalk1  SFX
ST_ROBO_SPEECH2        MAKE_SEQ pat_robtalk2  SFX
ST_ROBO_SPEECH3        MAKE_SEQ pat_robtalk1  SFX
ST_ROBO_SPEECH4        MAKE_SEQ pat_netblk    SFX
ST_ROBO_SPEAR          MAKE_SEQ pat_bigstab2  SFX
ST_ROBO_CRSH_SMOOSH2   MAKE_SEQ pat_scorthr1  SFX ;new

;fatal_robo
FT_ROBO_CRSH_OUT       MAKE_SEQ pat_robpres1  SFX ;new
FT_ROBO_CRSH_DOWN      MAKE_SEQ pat_robpres2  SFX ;new
FT_ROBO_CRSH_SMOOSH1   MAKE_SEQ pat_bodsmsh1  SFX ;new
FT_ROBO_CRSH_SMOOSH2   MAKE_SEQ pat_scorthr1  SFX ;new
FT_ROBO_BEEP           MAKE_SEQ pat_beep1     SFX ;new
FT_ROBO_SELF_DESTRUCT  MAKE_SEQ pat_compfx1   SFX ;new
FT_ROBO_DESTRUCT_LAFF  MAKE_SEQ pat_roblaff   SFX ;new
FT_ROBO_WHIRL          MAKE_SEQ pat_whirl1    SFX ;new
FT_ROBO_QUAKE          MAKE_SEQ pat_quake1    SFX ;new
FT_ROBO_BAT            MAKE_SEQ pat_bird      SFX ;new
FT_ROBO_SLIDE          MAKE_SEQ pat_slide     SFX ;new
FT_ROBO_HORN           MAKE_SEQ pat_horn      SFX ;new

;st_lao
ST_LAO_ANGLE           MAKE_SEQ pat_lkflykck  SFX
ST_LAO_HAT_THROW       MAKE_SEQ pat_kungthrw  SFX
ST_LAO_HAT_HIT         MAKE_SEQ pat_sawhit    SFX
ST_LAO_HAT_BLK         MAKE_SEQ pat_sawhit    SFX
ST_LAO_TELE            MAKE_SEQ pat_robtele   SFX
ST_LAO_THROW           MAKE_SEQ pat_dfklthro  SFX

;fatal_lao
FT_LAO_TORNADO         MAKE_SEQ pat_whirl1    SFX ;new
FT_LAO_QUAKE           MAKE_SEQ pat_quake1    SFX ;new
FT_LAO_TORNADO_HIT     MAKE_SEQ pat_sawhit    SFX

;st_tusk
ST_TUSK_ZAP            MAKE_SEQ pat_fballhit  SFX
ST_TUSK_CANNON         MAKE_SEQ pat_cabalgun  SFX
ST_TUSK_BLURR          MAKE_SEQ pat_eblrun    SFX ;cblrush  ;fake
ST_TUSK_FLIP1          MAKE_SEQ pat_hicwhsh   SFX
ST_TUSK_FLIP2          MAKE_SEQ pat_locwhsh   SFX
ST_TUSK_SAW            MAKE_SEQ pat_sawhit    SFX
ST_TUSK_REFLECT        MAKE_SEQ pat_salrflc2  SFX

;fatal_tusk
FT_TUSK_BUBBLE         MAKE_SEQ pat_bubble1   SFX ;new
FT_TUSK_GROW           MAKE_SEQ pat_headgrow  SFX ;new
FT_TUSK_HEAD_SCREAM    MAKE_SEQ pat_cblscrm   SFX ;new
FT_TUSK_BURN           MAKE_SEQ pat_fireloop  SFX

;st_sg
ST_SG_TELE             MAKE_SEQ pat_shevtele  SFX
ST_SG_POUNCE           MAKE_SEQ pat_bigbslam  SFX
ST_SG_ZAP_HIT          MAKE_SEQ pat_forcehit  SFX
ST_SG_ZAP              MAKE_SEQ pat_sonyafly  SFX
ST_SG_ZAP_START        MAKE_SEQ pat_robtele   SFX

;fatal_sg
FT_SG_KLANG            MAKE_SEQ pat_mhit2     SFX ;new
FT_SG_SPIN             MAKE_SEQ pat_whirl1    SFX ;new

;st_shang
ST_ST_CANNON           MAKE_SEQ pat_jaxcann   SFX
ST_ST_SUMMON           MAKE_SEQ pat_stfireup  SFX
ST_ST_FIRE_HIT         MAKE_SEQ pat_fballhit  SFX
ST_ST_SKULL            MAKE_SEQ pat_sonforce  SFX
ST_ST_MORPH            MAKE_SEQ pat_stmorph   SFX
ST_ST_FLIP             MAKE_SEQ pat_gudfall4  SFX
ST_ST_FIRE_BLK         MAKE_SEQ pat_fballhit  SFX

;fatal_shang
FT_ST_SWORD            MAKE_SEQ pat_swords    SFX ;new
FT_ST_CLOUD            MAKE_SEQ pat_stcloud1  SFX ;new;multi with stcloud2 & 3
FT_ST_BONES            MAKE_SEQ pat_bones     SFX

;st_lk
ST_LK_FIRE             MAKE_SEQ pat_lkfball   SFX
ST_LK_FIRE_HIT         MAKE_SEQ pat_axhit     SFX
ST_LK_SUPER_KICK       MAKE_SEQ pat_sonyafly  SFX
ST_LK_FIRE_BLK         MAKE_SEQ pat_axhit     SFX
ST_LK_BIKE             MAKE_SEQ pat_lkcycle   SFX
ST_LK_FLY_YELL         MAKE_SEQ pat_lkflyink  SFX

;fatal_lk
FT_LK_FLAME_MORPH      MAKE_SEQ pat_flmorph   SFX ;new
FT_LK_RUN              MAKE_SEQ pat_lkrun     SFX
FT_LK_SLAM             MAKE_SEQ pat_bigbslam  SFX

;st_motaro
ST_MOT_EFF1            MAKE_SEQ pat_centaur1  SFX
ST_MOT_EFF2            MAKE_SEQ pat_centaur2  SFX
ST_MOT_EFF3            MAKE_SEQ pat_hboss1    SFX
ST_MOT_HIT1            MAKE_SEQ pat_hhit1     SFX
ST_MOT_HIT2            MAKE_SEQ pat_hhit2     SFX
ST_MOT_FIRE            MAKE_SEQ pat_cabalgun  SFX

;st_sk
ST_SK_SHOULDER         MAKE_SEQ pat_salrush   SFX
ST_SK_PHOTON           MAKE_SEQ pat_cabalgun  SFX
ST_SK_KLANG1           MAKE_SEQ pat_mhit1     SFX ;new
ST_SK_KLANG2           MAKE_SEQ pat_mhit2     SFX ;new
ST_SK_LAUGH1           MAKE_SEQ pat_sklaff3   SFX
ST_SK_LAUGH2           MAKE_SEQ pat_sklaff4   SFX
ST_SK_LAUGH3           MAKE_SEQ pat_sklaff5   SFX
ST_SK_PATHETIC         MAKE_SEQ pat_skpathet  SFX ;new
ST_SK_NEVER_WIN        MAKE_SEQ pat_sknvrwin  SFX
ST_SK_STILL_TRYING     MAKE_SEQ pat_sktrying  SFX ;new
ST_SK_DONT_LAUGH       MAKE_SEQ pat_skdntlaf  SFX ;new


;During Fight
TS_DF_TOASTY           MAKE_SEQ pat_dftosty   SFX
TS_CROWD_OOO           MAKE_SEQ pat_oooh      SFX
TS_SK_SUBERB           MAKE_SEQ pat_sksuperb  SFX
TS_SK_WELL_DONE        MAKE_SEQ pat_skweldon  SFX
TS_SK_FIN_HIM          MAKE_SEQ pat_skfinhim  SFX
TS_SK_FIN_HER          MAKE_SEQ pat_skfinher  SFX
TS_RNDHOUSE            MAKE_SEQ pat_rhouse    SFX
TS_CLOCK_TICK          MAKE_SEQ pat_timeout1  SFX
;Subway Background
;Fight Intro
;Swat
TS_EXP_ST1             MAKE_SEQ pat_strtboom  SFX
;Subway Background
;Swat
TS_EXP_ST2             MAKE_SEQ pat_strtboom  SFX ;SSP strtbum2


;Ladder (1 Player select) Screen
;Player Select Screen
TS_ROCK_MOVE           MAKE_SEQ pat_srock     SFX
TS_DRAGON_SPIN         MAKE_SEQ pat_swhoosh   SFX
TS_CHURCH_BELL         MAKE_SEQ pat_bell      SFX

;Buyin Attract Mode Screen
TS_BIGDOOR_CLOSE       MAKE_SEQ pat_doorslid  SFX
TS_BIGDOOR_SLAM        MAKE_SEQ pat_newdoor   SFX

TS_P1_CURS             MAKE_SEQ pat_ncurs1    SFX
TS_P2_CURS             MAKE_SEQ pat_ncurs2    SFX
TS_P1_PICKED           MAKE_SEQ pat_picked1   SFX
TS_P2_PICKED           MAKE_SEQ pat_picked2   SFX

TS_SK_KANO             MAKE_SEQ pat_skkano    SFX
TS_SK_SONYA            MAKE_SEQ pat_sksonya   SFX
TS_SK_JAX              MAKE_SEQ pat_skjax     SFX
TS_SK_NIGHTWOLF        MAKE_SEQ pat_sknitwlf  SFX
TS_SK_SUBZERO          MAKE_SEQ pat_sksubz    SFX
TS_SK_STRYKER          MAKE_SEQ pat_skstrkr2  SFX
TS_SK_SINDEL           MAKE_SEQ pat_sksindel  SFX
TS_SK_SEKTOR           MAKE_SEQ pat_sksector  SFX
TS_SK_CYRAX            MAKE_SEQ pat_skcyrax   SFX
TS_SK_LAO              MAKE_SEQ pat_skknglao  SFX
TS_SK_KABAL            MAKE_SEQ pat_skcabal   SFX
TS_SK_SHEEVA           MAKE_SEQ pat_sksheeva  SFX
TS_SK_ST               MAKE_SEQ pat_skshang   SFX
TS_SK_LKANG            MAKE_SEQ pat_skliukng  SFX
TS_SK_MOTARO           MAKE_SEQ pat_skmotaro  SFX
TS_SK_SMOKE            MAKE_SEQ pat_sksmoke   SFX

TS_MAP_ZOOM            MAKE_SEQ pat_mrtlwhsh  SFX
TS_SK_EXCELLENT        MAKE_SEQ pat_skexelnt  SFX
TS_SK_NEVER_WIN        MAKE_SEQ pat_sknvrwin  SFX
TS_SK_OUTSTANDING      MAKE_SEQ pat_skoutstd  SFX


;triple_sndtab
TS_COIN_SND            MAKE_SEQ pat_skoutstd  SFX
TS_DF_CRISPY           MAKE_SEQ pat_dfcrispy  SFX
TS_SHOCK               MAKE_SEQ pat_kanlasrl  SFX
TS_FLAME               MAKE_SEQ pat_mfirebal  SFX
TS_BURNING             MAKE_SEQ pat_ignite    SFX
TS_BONES               MAKE_SEQ pat_bones     SFX
TS_SK_ITS_OFFICIAL     MAKE_SEQ pat_skyousuk  SFX ;new

;Initials
TS_DF_FROSTY           MAKE_SEQ pat_dfrosty   SFX

;After Fight
TS_SK_FLAWLESS         MAKE_SEQ pat_skflawls  SFX
TS_SK_FATALITY         MAKE_SEQ pat_skfatal   SFX
TS_SK_ANIMALITY        MAKE_SEQ pat_skanimal  SFX
TS_SK_BABALITY         MAKE_SEQ pat_skbabal   SFX
TS_SK_CRISPY           MAKE_SEQ pat_skcrispy  SFX
TS_SK_FROSTY           MAKE_SEQ pat_skfrost   SFX
TS_SK_FRIEND           MAKE_SEQ pat_skfrend1  SFX
TS_SK_FRIEND1          MAKE_SEQ pat_skfrend2  SFX
TS_SK_AGAIN            MAKE_SEQ pat_skagain   SFX
TS_SK_TOASTYH          MAKE_SEQ pat_sktoasth  SFX
TS_SK_TOASTYL          MAKE_SEQ pat_sktoastl  SFX
TS_SK_OMAW             MAKE_SEQ pat_skohmaw   SFX
TS_SK_LAUGH1           MAKE_SEQ pat_sklaff1   SFX
TS_SK_LAUGH2           MAKE_SEQ pat_sklaff2   SFX
TS_SK_LAUGH3           MAKE_SEQ pat_sklaff3   SFX
TS_DANGER              MAKE_SEQ pat_danger    SFX

;Street Background
;Bridge Background
TS_WIND                MAKE_SEQ pat_windloop  SFX

;unknown so we put in an alert me sound
TS_WHOOSH1             MAKE_SEQ pat_whoosh1   SFX
TS_WHOOSH3             MAKE_SEQ pat_whoosh3   SFX

TS_PIT_MACH1           MAKE_SEQ pat_machmix   SFX ;new
TS_PIT_MACH2           MAKE_SEQ pat_bodsmsh1  SFX ;new
TS_CRUNCH1             MAKE_SEQ pat_crunch1   SFX
TS_CRUNCH2             MAKE_SEQ pat_kneebrk   SFX ;new

TS_ANIM_SIZZLE         MAKE_SEQ pat_hissmix   SFX ;new
TS_ANIM_SIZZLE1        MAKE_SEQ pat_maul      SFX ;new
TS_ANIM_MORPH          MAKE_SEQ pat_stmorph   SFX
TS_ANIM_BONUS          MAKE_SEQ pat_maul      SFX ;new

TS_ANIM_ROAR           MAKE_SEQ pat_anmlroar  SFX ;new

TS_SK_CHOOSE           MAKE_SEQ pat_skdestin  SFX ;new
;TS_PLAY_BUY            MAKE_SEQ pat_cooltend  SFX ;new

TS_MUSIC_MERCY         MAKE_SEQ pat_mercyhit  SFX ;new

TS_NASTY_GOO           MAKE_SEQ pat_spinerip  SFX ;new
TS_FLAWLESS_TONE       MAKE_SEQ pat_attrct2a  SFX ;new

TS_SK_LAST_HIT         MAKE_SEQ pat_roldbig1  SFX

TS_HGAME_FIRE          MAKE_SEQ pat_cabalgun  SFX

TS_SUB_APPROACH        MAKE_SEQ pat_subway4   SFX ;new
TS_SUB_STEADY          MAKE_SEQ pat_subway2   SFX ;new
TS_SUB_GOING           MAKE_SEQ pat_subway3   SFX ;new

TS_FINAL_DEATH         MAKE_SEQ pat_quake1    SFX
TS_SK_DEATH            MAKE_SEQ pat_skdiemix  SFX ;new
TS_DEATH_QUAKE         MAKE_SEQ pat_quake1    SFX

TS_DOG                 MAKE_SEQ pat_dogyip    SFX ;new
TS_DOG_OUCH            MAKE_SEQ pat_dogwhine  SFX ;new
TS_BABY_POOF           MAKE_SEQ pat_robxplod  SFX
TS_BABY_CRY            MAKE_SEQ pat_baby1     SFX ;new

;*******************************************************************
;new umk3 shit

;ST_ROBO_SPEAR		MAKE_SEQ pat_scorthr1  SFX		
ST_ROBO_PROPELL		MAKE_SEQ pat_smokwhsh  SFX
ST_SCORP_COME		MAKE_SEQ pat_scorcome  SFX
ST_SCORP_GET		MAKE_SEQ pat_scorget   SFX
ST_SCORP_SPEAR		MAKE_SEQ pat_scorthr1  SFX
ST_SCORP_TELE		MAKE_SEQ pat_shevtele  SFX
ST_SCORP_STAB		MAKE_SEQ pat_bigstab1  SFX
ST_SCORP_MASK		MAKE_SEQ pat_scormask  SFX
ST_OSZ_IBLOCK		MAKE_SEQ pat_icehit    SFX
ST_OSZ_ICEHIT		MAKE_SEQ pat_subzturd  SFX
ST_REP_EXP		MAKE_SEQ pat_bigboom   SFX
ST_REP_SLIDE		MAKE_SEQ pat_szslide   SFX
ST_REP_INVISO		MAKE_SEQ pat_robxpld2  SFX
ST_REP_SPIT	   	MAKE_SEQ pat_reptproj  SFX
ST_ERMAC_POOF		MAKE_SEQ pat_robxplod  SFX
ST_OSZ_ICEUP		MAKE_SEQ pat_sziceup   SFX
ST_ERMAC_HIT		MAKE_SEQ pat_forcehit  SFX
ST_OSZ_FLOOR		MAKE_SEQ pat_szicedwn  SFX
ST_ERMAC_FLOOR		MAKE_SEQ pat_quake1    SFX
ST_REP_SIZZLE		MAKE_SEQ pat_robsprk9  SFX
ST_REP_ORB    		MAKE_SEQ pat_reporb41  SFX
ST_REP_VOMIT		MAKE_SEQ pat_stfireup  SFX
ST_KIT_THROW		MAKE_SEQ pat_n1thrfan  SFX
ST_KIT_FANH		MAKE_SEQ pat_nfanhit   SFX
ST_KIT_FANL		MAKE_SEQ pat_girlshrt  SFX
ST_KIT_KISS		MAKE_SEQ pat_mfirebal  SFX
ST_JADE_ARROW		MAKE_SEQ pat_bappear   SFX
ST_JADE_ZAP		MAKE_SEQ pat_faxhit    SFX
ST_JADE_PROP		MAKE_SEQ pat_jadekck   SFX
ST_JADE_TELE		MAKE_SEQ pat_shevtele  SFX
ST_MIL_SAI		MAKE_SEQ pat_throtsai  SFX
ST_MIL_HIT		MAKE_SEQ pat_forcehit  SFX
ST_MIL_ROLL		MAKE_SEQ pat_lkfball   SFX
ST_MIL_CLOUD		MAKE_SEQ pat_stcloud1  SFX
ST_JADE_FLASH		MAKE_SEQ pat_jadeflck  SFX
					       
TS_SK_KITANA		MAKE_SEQ pat_kitana    SFX
TS_SK_JADE		MAKE_SEQ pat_jade      SFX
TS_SK_MILEENA		MAKE_SEQ pat_malena    SFX
TS_SK_SCORP		MAKE_SEQ pat_scorpion  SFX
TS_SK_REPTILE		MAKE_SEQ pat_reptile   SFX
TS_SK_ERMAC		MAKE_SEQ pat_skermac   SFX
TS_SK_RAIN		MAKE_SEQ pat_skrain    SFX
TS_SK_NOOB		MAKE_SEQ pat_sknoob    SFX
TS_SK_RAIDEN		MAKE_SEQ pat_skraiden  SFX
TS_SK_BARAKA		MAKE_SEQ pat_skbaraka  SFX
					       
TS_BURNING_FLAMES	MAKE_SEQ pat_bldcrnch  SFX
TS_LAVA_SIZZLE		MAKE_SEQ pat_robsprk9  SFX
TS_KISS			MAKE_SEQ pat_kiss      SFX
TS_CURSOR_MOVE		MAKE_SEQ pat_crunch2   SFX
TS_CURSOR_PICK		MAKE_SEQ pat_bigbslam  SFX
;TS_COIN_SND		MAKE_SEQ pat_dftosty   SFX
;TS_MONKEY		MAKE_SEQ pat_	       SFX
;TS_FROG		MAKE_SEQ pat_	       SFX
;TS_TABLET_MOVE	new	MAKE_SEQ pat_	       SFX

TS_TREE_ROAR		MAKE_SEQ pat_treeroar  SFX
TS_SPLASH		MAKE_SEQ pat_splash    SFX
TS_BUBBLE		MAKE_SEQ pat_bubble    SFX
TS_OH_MAW		MAKE_SEQ pat_ohmaw     SFX
TS_VORTEX1		MAKE_SEQ pat_vsprk1    SFX
TS_VORTEX2		MAKE_SEQ pat_vsprk2    SFX
;TS_PONG_SCORED		MAKE_SEQ pat_lkspink   SFX
;TS_PONG_BALL		MAKE_SEQ pat_lkreact1  SFX
;TS_PONG_PADDLE		MAKE_SEQ pat_lkreact2  SFX
;*******************************************************************

TS_SWORD_EJECT		MAKE_SEQ pat_knifejec  SFX		
ST_SA_SWORD		MAKE_SEQ pat_knifplng  SFX		
ST_SA_SPARK		MAKE_SEQ pat_barthrow  SFX		
ST_SA_SPARKH		MAKE_SEQ pat_bigstab3  SFX		
ST_SA_SPARKB		MAKE_SEQ pat_bigstab3  SFX		

FT_RD_DEATH_ZAP		MAKE_SEQ pat_raidkill  SFX		
ST_RD_THROW_LIGHT	MAKE_SEQ pat_sprkthro  SFX		
ST_RD_TELEPORT		MAKE_SEQ pat_rtele     SFX		
ST_RD_GETUP		MAKE_SEQ pat_rgetup    SFX		
ST_RD_DIVE		MAKE_SEQ pat_rdive     SFX		
ST_RD_BBB		MAKE_SEQ pat_gib1      SFX		
ST_RD_SSS		MAKE_SEQ pat_gib2      SFX		
ST_RD_TTT		MAKE_SEQ pat_gib3      SFX		
ST_RD_NGBAS		MAKE_SEQ pat_gib4      SFX		
ST_RD_SWALL		MAKE_SEQ pat_rsmak     SFX		
ST_RD_KIDD		MAKE_SEQ pat_lightng   SFX		

;*******************************************************************

ST_RD_LIGHT_HIT		READ_MIDI ../mid2/sparkh.mid
ST_RD_LIGHT_BLOCKED	READ_MIDI ../mid2/sparkbl.mid
ST_RD_FRY		READ_MIDI ../mid2/holdfry.mid
;*******************************************************************
TEAM1_W		       READ_MIDI ../mid2/team1_w.mid
TEAM2_W		       READ_MIDI ../mid2/team2_w.mid
JCAGE_S		       READ_MIDI ../mid2/jcag_s.mid
JCAGE_W		       READ_MIDI ../mid2/jcag_w.mid
KAMEL_S		       READ_MIDI ../mid2/kam_s.mid
KAMEL_W		       READ_MIDI ../mid2/kam_w.mid
BARAKA_S 	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/baraka_s.mid
BARAKA_W 	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/baraka_w.mid
CABAL_S  	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/cabal_s.mid 
CABAL_W  	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/cabal_w.mid 
CYRAX_S  	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/cyrax_s.mid 
CYRAX_W  	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/cyrax_w.mid 
ERMAC_S  	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/ermac_s.mid 
ERMAC_W  	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/ermac_w.mid 
JADE_S   	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/jade_s.mid  
JADE_W   	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/jade_w.mid  
JAX_S    	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/jax_s.mid   
JAX_W    	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/jax_w.mid   
MOTAR_S  	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/motar_s.mid 
MOTAR_W  	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/motar_w.mid 
NITWLF_S 	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/nitwlf_s.mid
NITWLF_W 	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/nitwlf_w.mid
RAIDEN_S 	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/raiden_s.mid
RAIDEN_W 	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/raiden_w.mid
RAIN_S   	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/rain_s.mid  
RAIN_W   	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/rain_w.mid  
REPT_S   	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/rept_s.mid  
REPT_W   	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/rept_w.mid  
SCORP_S  	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/scorp_s.mid 
SCORP_W  	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/scorp_w.mid 
SECTOR_S 	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/sector_s.mid
SECTOR_W 	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/sector_w.mid
SHANG_S  	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/shang_s.mid 
SHANG_W  	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/shang_w.mid 
SHEEV_S  	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/sheev_s.mid 
SHEEV_W  	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/sheev_w.mid 
SINDEL_S 	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/sindel_s.mid
SINDEL_W 	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/sindel_w.mid
SMOKE_S  	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/smoke_s.mid 
SMOKE_W  	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/smoke_w.mid 
KANO_S   	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/kano_s.mid  
KANO_W   	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/kano_w.mid  
KITANA_S 	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/kitana_s.mid
KITANA_W 	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/kitana_w.mid
KUNG_S   	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/kung_s.mid  
KUNG_W   	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/kung_w.mid  
LIUK_S   	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/liuk_s.mid  
LIUK_W   	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/liuk_w.mid  
MALENA_S 	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/malena_s.mid
MALENA_W 	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/malena_w.mid
NOOB_S 	       	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/noob_s.mid
NOOB_W 	       	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/noob_w.mid
SONYA_S  	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/sonya_s.mid 
SONYA_W  	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/sonya_w.mid 
STRYK_S  	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/stryk_s.mid 
STRYK_W  	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/stryk_w.mid 
SUBZ_S   	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/subz_s.mid  
SUBZ_W   	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/subz_w.mid  
 
RND1		       READ_MIDI ../mid2/rnd1.mid
RND2		       READ_MIDI ../mid2/rnd2.mid
RND3		       READ_MIDI ../mid2/rnd3.mid
RND4		       READ_MIDI ../mid2/rnd4.mid
RNDFIGHT	       READ_MIDI ../mid2/rndfight.mid

;*******************************************************************
TS_WINS_TONE           READ_MIDI ../mid/fatal2.mid

TS_FATAL_START         READ_MIDI ../mid/fatal1.mid

TUNE_VERSUS            READ_MIDI ../mid/versussc.mid    

;TUNE_TRAIN             READ_MIDI ../mid/traintun.mid

MUSIC_ANIMALIT 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/animalit.mid
MUSIC_ANIMEND  	       READ_MIDI ../mid/animend.mid
MUSIC_BABALITY 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/babality.mid
MUSIC_FATALITY 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/fatality.mid
MUSIC_FRIENDSH 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/friendsh.mid
MUSIC_YOUWINTU 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/youwintu.mid

MUSIC_SELECTSC 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/selectsc.mid
MUSIC_VERSUSSC 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/versussc.mid
MUSIC_ONEPLAYE 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/oneplaye.mid
MUSIC_ENDONEPL 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/endonepl.mid

MUSIC_FASTATTR 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/fastattr.mid
MUSIC_FASTATT0 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/fastatt0.mid

MUSIC_BANK     	       READ_MIDI ../mid/bank.mid
MUSIC_BANKEND  	       READ_MIDI ../mid/bankend.mid
MUSIC_BANKFINI 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/bankfini.mid

MUSIC_BRIDGE   	       READ_MIDI ../mid/bridge.mid
MUSIC_BRIDGEEN 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/bridgeen.mid
MUSIC_BRIDGEFI 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/bridgefi.mid

MUSIC_CHURCH   	       READ_MIDI ../mid/church.mid
MUSIC_CHURCHEN 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/churchen.mid
MUSIC_CHURCHFI 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/churchfi.mid

MUSIC_GRAVE    	       READ_MIDI ../mid/grave.mid
MUSIC_GRAVEEND 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/graveend.mid
MUSIC_GRAVEFIN 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/gravefin.mid

MUSIC_GREEN    	       READ_MIDI ../mid/green.mid
MUSIC_GREENEND 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/greenend.mid
MUSIC_GREENFIN 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/greenfin.mid

MUSIC_PIT      	       READ_MIDI ../mid/pit.mid
MUSIC_PITEND   	       READ_MIDI ../mid/pitend.mid
MUSIC_PITFINIS 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/pitfinis.mid

MUSIC_ROOF     	       READ_MIDI ../mid/roof.mid
MUSIC_ROOFEND  	       READ_MIDI ../mid/roofend.mid
MUSIC_ROOFFINI 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/rooffini.mid

MUSIC_SPECIAL  	       READ_MIDI ../mid/special.mid
MUSIC_SPECIALE 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/speciale.mid
MUSIC_SPECIALF 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/specialf.mid

MUSIC_STREET   	       READ_MIDI ../mid/street.mid
MUSIC_STREETEN 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/streeten.mid
MUSIC_STREETFI 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/streetfi.mid

MUSIC_TRAINTUE 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/traintu0.mid
MUSIC_TRAINTUF 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/traintu1.mid
MUSIC_TRAINTUN 	       READ_MIDI ../mid/traintun.mid

MUSIC_BUYIN	       READ_MIDI ../mid/buyin.mid	
